Project Gutenberg's Harper's Round Table, March 31, 1896, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Harper's Round Table, March 31, 1896

Author: Various

Release Date: February 25, 2018 [EBook #56642]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S ROUND TABLE, MAR 31, 1896 ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S ROUND TABLE]

Copyright, 1896, by HARPER & BROTHERS. All Rights Reserved.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUBLISHED WEEKLY. NEW YORK, TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1896. FIVE CENTS A COPY.

VOL. XVII.--NO. 857. TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.


       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: "AT LAST I WAS MOVIN' BACK AN' FOR'ARD, LONGER AN'
LONGER."]

ONCE IN A THOUSAND YEARS.

BY JAMES BARNES


It was quite dark. The sun was not high enough as yet to shine down into
the long narrow crevice up which Professor Jensen and the two boys were
clambering.

A short distance ahead of them stalked John Coleman, the guide. He was a
tall thin man with drooping shoulders, and he carried the Professor's
camera, a heavy pick, and a long-handled shovel as if they were no more
than feather-weights.

Suddenly the little party turned around a steep wall of shale, and the
main cañon was in sight. The Professor paused and mopped his forehead.
"There, boys, there it is," he said, pointing with his finger.

Half-way up the steep side of the cliff, in what looked to be a long
narrow cleft in the steep descent of rock, stood the home and fortress
of the ancient cliff-dwellers, which the boys had come so many miles to
see.

From where they were they could make out nothing but some square windows
in what appeared to be a line of half-crumbling adobe houses that nearly
filled the huge shadowy recess.

George Lyman and Carter Randall were two boys of sixteen who had left
home some two months before under the charge of young Professor Jensen.
They were making a trip through Arizona and New Mexico in the search of
fossils and traces of the prehistoric inhabitants. "Bones and
battle-axes," George called them. Through their acquaintance with an
army officer at one of the forts they had heard of the guide Coleman,
who knew more about the habitations of the old cliff-dwellers than
probably any man in the region, for he had been one of the first
explorers up in the Glachens and the Black River country.

With this recommendation the Professor had engaged Coleman to guide his
little party into the Black River cañon, and show them how to reach one
or two of the more accessible fortresses that the strange, almost
unknown people had built ages and ages ago.

When they had reached the bottom of the arroyo, and were following the
shallow stream, John Coleman turned.

"Whar I'm goin' to take ye," he said, "lots of people have bin before.
It's most cleaned out o' relics, I reckin; but thar, see thar!" He
turned suddenly, and seized the Professor's arm. "Come here, a few rods
further," he went on, pointing at the same time, as he waded up the
stream to the opposite side of the cliff.

The village that the boys had first seen was nothing to that which now
was plain in sight, under a great beetling brow of stone, that thrust
out overhead a hundred feet or so into the cañon. It was fully one
thousand feet from where they stood straight up to the ledge upon which
this village stood. Sheer and straight it was, without a fissure or the
chance for a foothold below, and the overhanging mass above marked it at
once as inaccessible. The sides of the houses could be seen as they
stood there almost intact, the ends of the roof-beams were plain in
sight even to the naked eye, and through the field-glass a pile of
pottery could be made out standing near the entrance to one of the
larger dwellings.

The Professor gazed in astonishment. "It looks as if it were built
yesterday," he said.

"How did they get up there?" inquired Carter, as he plashed up
alongside.

"That's more than I can tell you," answered the Professor, slowly.
"Major Evans told me of this village, but probably the old method of
going there has been destroyed by time. In my opinion, no human foot has
been there in the last thousand years or more."

"I'd like to see what it's like," said George, looking up, with his
glass to his eye. "I'd like to get in there."

The Professor sighed. "Science would give a great deal to have you," he
replied; "but come on; we must hurry to reach the small one over
yonder." He pointed again to the ruins on the other side.

By careful climbing and careful stretching from point to point they at
last reached the smaller ledge and entered through the narrow opening
cut in the solid rock. It was as Coleman had reported; there was
evidence of many visitations before them. Under the thick stifling dust
they found nothing but some crumbling brick-work, bits of rough earthen
jars, and a sandal made of straw.

Professor Jensen was outspoken in his disappointment. It was evident
that the destroying power of nature besides that of man had been at work
long, long before him.

The village, unlike the one across the chasm, was in a very exposed
position, and rain and water had helped to work destruction; but over
there in front of them and some hundred feet above their heads was the
tantalizing fortress which they could not reach. What treasures it
possessed! The Professor sighed; a long trip of three or four days had
been next to fruitless.

Suddenly John Coleman turned and spoke to the Professor quite excitedly.
"Capt'in," he said, "take that big glass of yourn and look just inside
that window whar that rafter hangs." He pointed with his lean finger at
the opposite cliff, and his hand was trembling.

The Professor looked through his glass.

"See anything?" asked the guide, his voice almost quivering.

"Yes," said the Professor, "I see something red."

Coleman drew a long breath. "It's thar yet," he whispered. He turned and
looked at the group gathered about him as if frightened; then he spoke,
still beneath his breath, "I put it thar."

The Professor started. "You! you!" he began, but the guide interrupted
him.

"Yes, fifteen year ago las' spring I've bin thar" (with a wave of his
arm), "and I've seen things."

The boys stepped forward, and Professor Jensen lowered his glass and
glanced at the guide from head to foot.

"Tell us," he said, quietly, raising his hand to keep the boys from
speaking.

The tall man was fairly trembling now. "You won't believe me," he
faltered; "they never will."

Carter was about to say something, but the elder man suppressed him
again with a gesture. "We will believe you, John," he said, as quietly
as he had spoken before; "but how in the world, and where did you start
from?"

Coleman sat down and clasped his palms together, and the boys and the
Professor seated themselves quietly also, without a word.

"I'll tell you the hull story," began the guide, looking appealingly
from one to the other. "But I 'ain't told it for nigh eight years now."

"Go on," said Professor Jensen; "we will listen carefully; it may be
most important, John. Don't fear to tell it."

"Well," said the guide, beginning slowly, "you know I have lived and
hunted in this kintry for more'n eighteen years. I come here from the
East, an' I wa'n't older than either of you two boys." The three
listeners nodded.

"One day I was huntin' with a party up this here cañon when we
discovered this town, whar we be now, and t'other one 'cross the way. We
reached this one easy 'nough, as we done to-day, but some one had been
'fore us even then--I suspect as they was Injuns," he added,
parenthetically. "There was three others with me then, no good tellin'
their names, 'cause they're all dead, but thet comes in the story. We
was all young an' ventresome, and I sez to Bill Combs-- He was drowned
rite down thar!"

The guide broke off so suddenly that it was startling. He pointed with
his finger down to where the little stream was slowly running through
its sandy bed.

"I've seen it sech," said he, "an' I've seen it from bank to bank, a
roarin' tearin' river--'tis now at some seasons o' the year."

For a moment the Professor was afraid that the thread of the story was
going to be lost, but Coleman regained himself in half a moment.

"I was talkin' o' Bill Combs," he said. "We were standin' here whar we
be now, an' I sez, lookin' over thar, 'Bill, if you lo'ered a man over
the top of that ere cañon he could git opposite them houses and have a
good squint at 'em.'

"'I reckin no man dares try it,' Bill sez to me.

"'I can,' sez I."

There was a pause, and Coleman stirred the dust nervously with his foot.

"I reckin the traders at Arequitta thought as how that we was crazy," he
resumed at last. "But all the money Bill an' me had saved we put in
rope, an' six months after that we were right up thar." He pointed to
the top of the opposite cliff. "Three o' us, with three burros an' mor'n
a thousand feet of rope, an' it warn't none too much. They drove a stake
inter the ground, an' I tied the end of the rope 'round my arms, an'
they lo'ered me away.

"At first 'twas kinder easy crawlin' backwards over the steep rock, but
when I come to the edge an' looked up an' saw 'em so fur off, I tell you
I felt scared, an' under me I could see the water rushin' an' jumpin' so
far below. I couldn't hear no sound, but thar it was roarin' an'
tumblin' up agin the rocks. They shouted somethin' to me, but I couldn't
hear 'em, an' then I felt them payin' out the rope again. Well, sir,
thar I hung a-swingin', an' lookin' up I could see nothin' but the rope
comin' over the round top of the overhangin' rock foot after foot. I
felt myself goin' down, twisting first one way an' then t'other, until
all of a sudden thar was a jolt, an' I felt as if my arms were goin' to
come off the sokits, an' then I stopped quick. Thar I was, sir, not
mor'n forty feet from whar you see thet big house on the left, rite
opposite to it. I could look inside o' the winders an' see big bottles
settin' on the shelves, an' 'long on the ground was a basket full of
things that looked like gourds. I had some difficulty from turnin'
round, an' every now and then I'd swing about, for thar was quite some
breeze flyin' up the cañon. At last the rope twisted so that I could
hold myself quiet and still. The sun was nigh overhead by this time, an'
it kinder lit up the shadows back in the lidge; an' what you suppose I
saw there? Four skeletons, sitting with their backs agin the wall! They
was kinder 'rapped up in cloth, but I could make out their ha'r--it was
hangin' over their shoulders."

Coleman paused and clasped his hands.

"It was red, sir! Not black like the Injuns, but red, an' light colored
like a gal's. Just then I felt a movement on the rope, an' I knowed thet
they was tryin' to haul me up. I moved a few inches, and then come down
again. Two or three times I felt them heave, but every time back I come
to whar I was before. Then I looks up."

He paused.

"I never can forget it! Never, never," he said, half whispering. "The
rope was frayin' through over the edge o' th' rock; 'twould only take
two or three minits of thet sawin' to drop a plumb thousand feet onter
the rocks or down inter the river. Then an idee come into my head, an' I
swung myself to and fro much as you see children pumpin' in a swing. At
last I was movin' back an' for'ard, longer an' longer, until once or
twice I come within most jumpin' distance of the lidge; but I couldn't
git the rope from 'round my arms. Then suddenly I thought about my
knife, an' still swinging as hard as I could swing, I got it out; but it
slipped from my hand, an' down it went; I heard it ring agin the cliff.
I was goin' forward with a rush jest then, an' it looked as if the
houses was all comin' out to meet me, an' suddenly I didn't know nothin'
more."

The Professor was leaning forward expectantly, the boys had grasped
hands, great beads of perspiration stood on Coleman's forehead. But he
went on in a low even voice that never changed in its expression.

"When I come to I couldn't at first tell whar I was, but then I saw that
I was lyin' on my back all kivered up with dust in the middle of a lot
of brick pots an' rubbish, an' one of my feet was hangin' out over the
cliff.

"Thar's where I landed," he said, pointing across the cañon. "I wasn't
much hurt to speak on, an' I got up on to my feet an' looked 'roun' me."

"Well," said the Professor, excitedly, "go on! Go on!"

"It was a queer sight, I tell you," said the guide, resuming. "I had to
move careful, for everything tiched raised sech a dust that it 'most
strangled me. Thar was them four skeletons close up agin the wall--you
can't see them, for they're right behind thet pile o' stones. Jest to
the left was a big trough made o' wood, in which was some ears o' corn.
I couldn't tell ye what I'd seen, but thar was speers with stone heds,
and painted jugs, an' hangin' on a hook was a long cloth coat or
somethin'; it was fringed with claws o' bears, an' hanged by a string
was a big tooth, like o' which I never seen. There was a picture o' a
elephant or sompthin' on the wall, an' a big stick curled like a snake
with gold eyes--at least, it looked like gold. A heap o' truck was in a
corner; but inside the houses the dust was so thick an' stiflin' when I
tiched anythin', thet I'd hev to run out into the air to breathe. So I
found a flight of steps, an' goin' up them careful, I got to the roof of
thet big house. Thet lidge runs back mor'n a hundred feet, an' I went
further in. As I got used to the dryness an' the dark I could see some
more bodies--skeletons, at least twenty--sittin' close to the wall; they
was crouched up an' 'rapped about with rough cloth ban'ges; some was
sewed up in hides. An' then what do you s'pose I foun'?"

There was no answer, and he again resumed, quietly:

"A well, sir! A well, sir! dug into the solid rock, an' down about ten
or twelve feet, filled with water. I could hear it tricklin'. I bent
down an' looked in. Settin' on the edge was a cup, green an' shiny after
I rubbed the dust off it, an' smooth as any plate you ever see. It took
some trouble to get down to the water, but with a bit of rope thet I
found still 'round my shoulders I man'ged to get a drink; and then it
come to me how am I to get out of this place, anyhow?"

It was evident that the best way to get at the end of the story was to
let the man go on in his own manner, so after a pause, in which no one
spoke, he continued, his voice sounding monotonous in the dead silence:

"Strange to say, jest then I felt a current o' cool air a-comin' from
the back o' the lidge beyon' the wall. As I went further in the current
grew stronger, and the lidge narrowed down so thet I could jest squeeze
myself 'long by bendin' somewhat careful like. At last I came to a hole,
an' thar the air was so strong jest as if it war comin' up a chimney,
only it was as cold as ice. I put the cup into my pocket, an' sounded
the hole with my rope. It didn't go straight down, but sloped away, an'
I crawled in it, feet first. It was all pitch dark, but I could make my
way 'long, slippin' and pushin' with my elbows. All the time the draft
kept gettin' stronger, but seemed to me it was growin' warmer, too, and
then--"

Coleman had an exasperating way of stopping when he reached a most
exciting place. But now he went on quicker, his voice rising with a rush
of words.

"--I felt somethin' pilin' on my shoulders an' runnin' down my neck, an'
it was sand! sand! an' the draft an' wind began to die away. At first I
thought my head would be buried, for the sand ran over my shoulders an'
almost held my arms; but I found I could keep it back by workin'
careful, and all the time I was movin' down, feelin' my way with my feet
before me. It seems to me I must have gone 'long for hours, when all at
once I seed a little dot of light 'way down ahead. It give me hope, an'
I pushed 'long, the hole growin' summat bigger, an' the sand pourin'
past me so I had to fight to keep ahead of it. Jest as I could make out
the entrance plain, I seemed to slip an' slide 'long, fightin' with my
arms an' elbows to keep from stiflin', an' then know'd no more.

"When I come to agin I was lyin' on thet slope down thar, an' my clothes
was torn inter rags, an' thar was nothin' near me but sand an' shale,
an' no hole at all whar I could have come out of. I had to move careful,
for the groun' shifted easy when I turned, and thar was the river
a-roarin' at my feet. Thet's all the story," he continued, "an' it's
true."

"Where were the other men?" Professor Jensen asked.

"Thet's whar the strange part come in; no one heard tell on 'em again.
But I found Bill Comb's body rite over whar I pointed out. He may have
fell over the cliff for all I know, an' they all may hev been drowned
lookin' for him or me."

"What about the cup?" asked the Professor.

"Oh, I forgot!" said the guide, drawing out a leather wallet attached to
a string about his neck. "Thet's all that is left of it."

He put into the Professor's hand some fragment of earthenware. It was
glazed on both sides like the finest Chinese pottery. The Professor
sighed.

"Don't tell 'em I told you," said the guide. "I 'ain't dare to tell that
story for eight years, I reckin."

"What is that red thing over there you pointed out?" said Carter.

"Oh!" said the guide, quickly; "thet's a bandanna handkerchief. I tied
it thar when I first went in."




FRAIDIE-CAT.


  I sha'n't tell you what's his name!--
  When we want to play a game,
  Always thinks that he'll be hurt,
  Soil his jacket in the dirt,
  Tear his trousers, spoil his hat,--
      Fraidie-cat! Fraidie-cat!

  Nothing of the boy in him!
  Dasn't try to learn to swim;
  Says a cow'll hook; if she
  Looks at him he climbs a tree;
  Scart to death at bee or bat,--
      Fraidie-cat! Fraidie-cat!

  Claims there're ghosts all snowy white
  Wandering around at night
  In the attic; wouldn't go
  There for anything I know.
  B'lieve he'd run if you said "scat!"--
      Fraidie-cat! Fraidie-cat!

  CLINTON SCOLLARD.




[Illustration: A MORTAR BATTERY.]

NEW YORK'S DEFENCES ON THE SOUND.

BY WILLIAM HEMMINGWAY.


One of the most interesting questions in a recent examination at the
Royal Naval Academy at Woolwich, England, was: "How would you capture
New York, approaching by way of Long Island Sound?" There is only one
question that interests us more, and that is, How would New York's
defenders along the Sound repel our enemy? The news from Washington that
thrilled this country only a few days ago, and the possibility that we
might after all really come to war, make the defence of the greatest
city of America a problem of the most intense concern to every one of
us.

Captain Howard Patterson told the readers of the ROUND TABLE, on March
13th of last year, how New York would be successfully defended from
Sandy Hook. The arrangements for removing a fleet of men-of-war from the
waters of New York Bay are so complete that no fair-minded invader could
really ask for more.

But suppose some one should declare war against us to-morrow, and
promptly send a fleet to take our richest city. Would the enemy walk
into the trap so thoroughly prepared for him at Sandy Hook? The chances
are rather that he would come down from Halifax and try to dodge in by
way of Long Island Sound, where he thinks that very little has been
prepared to check his advance. It is true, unfortunately, that the works
to the eastward of New York are not nearly so efficient as those to the
southward; yet there would be found in time of need enough men and guns
to drive back the most formidable invasion any one might undertake.

If you will look at your map of Long Island Sound you will find several
small islands scattered between Connecticut and the Long Island shore.
Chief among them are Fishers and Plum islands. Upon every one of these
islands mortar batteries will soon be placed, while the channels of the
Sound itself will be full of submarine mines ten yards apart. For years
the great drawback to the improvement of our coast defences has been the
childish confidence of certain inland Congressmen that "American
ingenuity" will always find a way to defend American interests. The
haste that is being made to fortify our coasts to-day shows how
ill-advised that confidence has been. If you speak about "American
ingenuity" to an army or navy man, he probably will glare at you and
turn purple. It has been their stumbling block for a very long time.
Still, we are not quite so unprepared as our enemies believe.

Imagine that the hostile fleet has arrived off the mouth of Long Island
Sound on its errand of destruction and plunder. Its array of ships
almost staggers belief. There are twelve battle-ships--veritable
mountains of iron and steel--armed with rifled cannon of prodigious
bore and wonderfully long range, as well as smaller guns of every
degree. With them have come twenty-four armed cruisers, twelve
torpedo-catchers--boats that run twenty-eight or thirty miles an
hour--and a swarm of ordinary torpedo-boats that one might well describe
as innumerable. The proud armada sails westward flaunting the enemy's
ensign and trailing plumes of black smoke like vast banners. The
attacking Admiral knows that beneath the dancing waters of the Sound
there are hidden mines of deadly power, awaiting only the pressure of an
electric key from the shore or the touch of a passing keel to blow his
great ships into fragments. He sends out scouts--that is, lines of
torpedo-boats twenty or thirty feet apart, trying to determine the
channel. It is the duty of the crews of these swift, light-draught boats
to drag for and explode the hidden mines, which are submerged at a depth
of twenty feet so as to strike only the keels of great ships.

Where are the forts that shall check the invaders? From the
conning-towers of the ships there can be seen no sign of fortification.
The little islands lie peacefully basking in the balmy sunshine. The
grass on their round-browed hills quivers gently in the breeze. But
behind every one of those hills is a modern fort--a gigantic circular
pit in the sand, with four arms running out from it at right angles. At
the end of each arm is a pit big enough to hold four rifled mortars.
These are short, wicked-looking guns that seem like long-range rifled
cannon sawed off half-way down the barrel. From the moment the
torpedo-catchers are within five miles the officers of the mortar
batteries are watching them with range-finders.

Four miles; three and three-quarters; three and a half--then comes a
thunderous uproar as if a mountain-side had fallen! The mortars on two
islands send showers of bursting shells that fall upon the group of
pretty white torpedo-boats, and blot them from the sea. The thing is
done with startling quickness. Before one can count half a hundred the
last vestige of the torpedo-destroyers has disappeared beneath the
waves. The batteries on Plum Island and Fishers Island have rained
destruction in an awful cross-fire.

[Illustration: Massachusetts. New York. Iowa. Texas. Indiana.

AMERICAN NAVY PROCEEDING UP EAST RIVER TO THE SOUND.]

The hostile Admiral sends out twenty torpedo-catchers in the wake of
their lost fellows. Let us assume that by hard work, great pluck, and
good fortune they have counter-mined and cleared the channel, and so
made the way safe for the big ships. The men in the mortar-pits are
almost unhurt at first. The opponents have had nothing to guide their
retaliatory firing but the clouds of smoke from the pits. At last they
get the range and silence the forts.

[Illustration: Governors Island. New York City. Hell Gate.

Willets Point. Fort Schuyler. Mortar Battery.

THE ENEMY'S FLEET APPROACHING THE NEW YORK END OF LONG ISLAND SOUND.]

The fleet passes on, only a little crippled, but still wary of mines in
the channel. The ships would be subject to a similar cross-fire from
mortar batteries on either side of the Sound at every narrow part of the
channel. Almost the entire journey down the Sound toward New York would
be under a heavy bombardment. There are at least six places where the
groups of mortars will be placed. It would not be proper to give their
location here. There are also very heavy batteries of this description
on Davids Island, which is a military post near New Rochelle, and on
Sands Point, Long Island, about sixteen miles east of New York. Then
there are the fortifications at Willets Point and Fort Schuyler still
nearer to this city, and at a point where the Sound is only
three-quarters of a mile wide.

If the enemy should live to come within range of these forts he would
find that his troubles were only now beginning in earnest. The great
16-inch rifled guns at Willets Point have a seven-mile range, up past
Stepping Stone Light and Execution Rock. They could easily dispose of
any number of torpedo-boats trying to destroy submarine mines. More
destructive than all these is the "dynamite gun," a tube of steel fifty
feet long, and with a bore of fifteen inches. This throws a long
cigar-shaped slug of explosive gelatine, more powerful than dynamite,
and weighing about two hundred pounds. The shell is driven out of the
gun by compressed air.

It is not at all likely that we could get together a fleet of
battle-ships of sufficient numbers to cope with the enemy's great
squadron. Still, the _Maine_, the _Texas_, and half a dozen other
fighting ships, each one of which is equal to anything in the foreign
navy, would be assembled in the Hudson River awaiting the arrival of the
invaders. As soon as the news of their progress down the Sound was
telegraphed to this city, they would steam up the East River, take their
stations within the arc of the forts at Willets Point and Fort Schuyler,
and add their broadsides to the defence of New York. Is there any fleet
in the world that could force its way past such an opposition? No
American thinks so.




RICK DALE.[1]

[1] Begun in HARPER'S ROUND TABLE No. 852.

by KIRK MUNROE.

CHAPTER XI.

A VERY TRYING EXPERIENCE.


"Stop her! Stop the boat, quick! Bonny is overboard!" shouted Alaric,
frantically, as he realized the nature of the catastrophe that had just
occurred through his awkwardness. As he shouted he sprang to the
jib-halyard, and casting it off allowed the sail to come down by the
run; his sole idea of checking the headway of a sailing craft being to
reduce her canvas.

He was about to let go both throat and peak halyards, and so bring down
the big mainsail also, when, with a bellow of rage and a marvellous
disregard of his lameness, Captain Duff rushed forward and snatched the
ropes from the lad's hands.

"You thundering blockhead!" he roared. "What d'ye mean by lowering a
sail without orders? H'ist it again! H'ist it, d'ye hear?"

"But Bonny is overboard," cried Alaric.

"And you want to leave him to drown? Don't ye know that if he's alive
he's drifted astarn by this time? Ef you had any sense you'd be out in
the dinghy looking fur him."

Alaric knew that the dinghy was the small boat towing behind the sloop,
for he had heard the young mate call it by that name, and now he needed
no further hint as to his duty. He had pushed Bonny overboard, and he
must save him if that might still be done. If not, he was careless of
what happened to himself. Nothing could be worse than, or so bad as, to
go through life with the knowledge that he had caused the death of a
fellow-being--one, too, whom he had already come to regard as a dear
friend.

Thus thinking, he ran aft, cast loose the painter of the dinghy, drew
the boat to the sloop's stern, and dropping into it, drifted away in
the darkness. He had never rowed a boat, nor even handled a pair of
oars, but he had seen others do so, and imagined it was easy enough.

It is not often that a first lesson of this kind is taken alone, at
midnight, amid the tossing waters of an open sea, and it could not have
happened now but for our poor lad's pitiful ignorance of all forms of
athletics, including those in which every boy should be instructed.

Without a thought for himself, nor even a comprehension of his own
peril, Alaric fitted the oars that he found in the bottom of the boat to
their rowlocks, and began to pull manfully in what he supposed was the
proper direction. He pulled first with one oar and then with the other;
then making a wild stroke with both oars that missed the water entirely,
he tumbled over backwards. Recovering himself, he prepared more
cautiously for a new effort, and this time, instead of beating the air,
thrust his oars almost straight down in the water. Then one entered it,
while the other, missing it by a foot or so, flew back and struck him a
violent blow.

Up to this time the lad had kept up a constant shouting of "Bonny! Oh,
Bonny!" or "Hello, Bonny!" but that blow bereft him of so much breath
that for a minute he had none left with which to shout.

Now, too, for the first time, he gained a vague idea of his own perilous
situation. There was nothing in sight and nothing to be heard save the
ceaseless dashing of waters and a melancholy moaning of wind. The sky
was so overcast that not even a star could extend to him a cheery ray of
light. The boy's heart sank, and he made another attempt at a shout, as
much to raise his own spirits as with any hope of being heard. Only a
husky cry resulted, for his voice was choked, and he again strove to
row, with the thought that any form of action would be better than
idleness amid such surroundings.

If his oars seemed vicious before, they were doubly so now that he was
wearied, and they stubbornly resisted his efforts to make them work as
he knew they could and ought. At length he let go of one of them for an
instant while he wiped the trickling perspiration from his eyes. The
moment it was released, the provoking bit of wood, as though possessed
of a malicious instinct, slid from its rowlock, dropped into the water,
and floated away. Alaric made a wild but ineffectual clutch after it
that allowed a quantity of water to slop into the boat, and gave him the
idea that it was sinking.

With an access of terror the poor lad sprang to his feet, and forgetful
of the object that had brought him into his present situation, screamed,
"Bonny! Oh, Bonny! Save me! Don't leave me here to drown!"

Then a spiteful wave so buffeted the boat that he was toppled over and
fell sprawling in the bottom. That was the blackest and most despairing
moment of his life; but even as it came to him he fancied he heard a
whispered answer to his call, and lifted his head to listen. Yes, he
heard it again, so faint and uncertain that it might be only the mocking
scream of some sea-bird winging a swift flight through the blackness.
Still the idea filled him with hope, and he called again with a cry so
shrill and long-drawn that its intensity almost frightened him. Now the
echoing hail was certain, and it came to him with the unmistakable
accents of a human voice.

Again he shouted: "Bonny! Oh, Bonny!" and again came the answer, this
time much nearer:

"Hello, Rick Dale! Hello!"

"Hello, Bonny! Hello!"

How could it be that Bonny had kept himself afloat so long? What
wonderful powers of endurance he must possess! How should he reach him?
There was but a single oar left, and surely no one could propel a boat
with one oar. He tried awkwardly to paddle, but after a few seconds of
fruitless labor gave this up in despair. What could he do? Must he sit
there idle, knowing that his friend was drowning within sound of his
voice, and for want of the aid that he could give if he only knew how?
It was horrible and yet inevitable. He was helpless. Once more was his
own peril forgotten, and his sole distress was for his friend. Again he
shouted, with the energy of despair:

"Bonny! Oh, Bonny! Can't you get to me? I'm in a boat."

Then came something so startling and so astonishing that he was almost
petrified with amazement. Instead of a weak despairing answer, coming
from a long distance, there sounded a cheery hail from close at hand:
"All right, old man! I'm coming. Cheer up."

What had happened? Was his friend endowed with supernatural powers that
enabled him to traverse the sea at will?

Alaric gazed about him on all sides, almost doubting the evidence of his
senses. Then, with a flutter of canvas and a rush of water from under
her bows, the tall form of the sloop loomed out of the blackness almost
beside him.

"Sing out, Rick. Where are you?"

"Here I am. Oh, Bonny, is it you?"

"Yes, of course. Look out! Catch this line."

The end of a rope came whizzing over the boat, and Alaric, catching it,
held on tightly. He was seated on the middle thwart, and the moment a
strain came on the line the boat turned broadside to it, heeled until
water began to pour in over her gunwale, and Alaric, unable to hold on
an instant longer, let go his hold.

He heard an exclamation of "Thundering lubber!" in Captain Duff's voice,
and then the sloop was again lost to sight.

Again Alaric was in despair, though he could still hear the shouting of
orders and a confused slatting of sails. After a little the sloop was
put about, and a shouting to determine the locality of the drifting boat
was recommenced. Still it seemed to Alaric a tedious while before she
approached him for a second time, and Bonny once more sung out to him to
stand by and catch a line.

"Make it fast in the bow this time," he called, as he flung the coil of
rope.

Again Alaric succeeded in catching it, and, obeying instructions, he
scrambled into the bow of the boat, where he knelt and clung to the line
for dear life, not knowing how to make it fast.

In a moment there came a jerk that very nearly pulled him overboard; and
the boat, with its bow low in the water from his weight, while its stern
was in the air, took a wild sheer to one side. Again water poured in
until she was nearly swamped, and again was the line torn from Alaric's
grasp.

"You blamed idiot!" roared Captain Duff. "You don't desarve to be saved!
I'll give ye just one more try, and ef you don't fetch the sloop that
time we'll leave ye to navigate on your own hook."

As the previous manoeuvres were repeated for a third time, poor
Alaric, sitting helplessly in his water-logged dinghy, shivered with
apprehension. How could he hold on to that cruel line that seemed only
fitted to drag him to destruction? This time it took longer to find him,
and he was hoarse with shouting before the _Fancy_ again approached.

"He don't know enough to do anything with a line, Cap'n Duff," said
Bonny, "So if you'll throw the sloop into the wind and heave her to,
I'll bring the boat alongside."

With this, and without waiting for an answer, the plucky young sailor,
who had already divested himself of most of his clothing, sprang into
the black waters and swam toward the vaguely discerned boat. In another
minute he had gained her, clambered in, and was asking the amazed
occupant for the other oar.

"It's lost overboard," replied Alaric, gloomily, feeling that the case
was now more desperate than ever. "Oh Bonny! Why--?"

"Never mind," cried the other, cheerily. "I can scull, and that will
answer just as well as rowing. Perhaps better, for I can see where we
are heading."

[Illustration: BONNY COMES TO THE RESCUE.]

Alaric had deemed it impossible to propel a boat with a single oar; but
now, to his amazement, Bonny sculled the dinghy ahead almost as rapidly
as he could have rowed. The sloop was out of sight, but the flapping of
her sails could be plainly heard, and five minutes later the young mate
had laid his craft alongside.

Captain Duff was too angry for words, and fortunately too busy in
getting his vessel on her course to pay any attention just then to the
lad whose awkwardness and ignorance had caused all this trouble and
delay.

"Skip for'ard," said Bonny, in a low tone, "and I'll come directly."

As Alaric, with a thankful heart, obeyed this injunction, he marvelled
at the size and steadiness of the sloop, and wondered how he could ever
have thought her small or unstable.

A few minutes later Bonny, only half dressed, joined him, and said, "If
you'll lend me your trousers, old man, you can turn in for the rest of
the night, and I'll stand your watch; mine are too wet to put on just
yet, and I think you'll be safer below than on deck, anyway."

Like a person in a dream, and without asking one of the many questions
suggesting themselves, Alaric obeyed. Earlier in that most eventful day
he had regarded that dark and stuffy forecastle with disgust, and vowed
he would never sleep in it. Now, as he snuggled shivering between the
blankets of the first mate's own bunk, it seemed to him one of the
coziest, warmest, and most comfortable sleeping-apartments he had ever
known.


CHAPTER XII.

A LESSON IN KEDGING.

For a long time Alaric lay awake in his narrow bunk, listening to the
gurgle of waters parted by the sloop's bow, but a few inches from his
head, and reflecting upon the exciting incidents of the past hour. It
had all been so terrible and yet so unreal. On one thing he determined.
Never again would he enter a boat alone without having first learned how
to row, and to swim also. How splendidly Bonny had come to his rescue,
and yet how easily! What was it he had called making a boat go with only
one oar? Alaric could not remember; but at any rate it was a wonderful
thing to do, and he determined to master that art as well. What a lot he
had to learn, anyhow, and how important it all was! He had longed for
the ability to do such things, but never until now had he realized their
value.

How well Bonny did them, and what a fine fellow he was, and how the
heart of the poor rich boy warmed toward this self-reliant young friend
of a day! Could it be but one day since their first meeting? It seemed
as though he had known Bonny always. But how had the young sailor
regained the sloop after being knocked overboard? That was
unaccountable, and one of the most mysterious things Alaric had ever
heard of. He longed for Bonny to come below, that he might ask just that
one question; but the mate was otherwise engaged, and the crew finally
dropped asleep.

Through the remainder of the night the sloop sailed swiftly on her
course, but she could not make up for that lost hour, and by dawn,
though she had passed the light on Admiralty Head, and was well to the
southward of Port Townsend, the very stronghold of her enemies, for it
is the port of entry for the sound, she was still far from the
hiding-place in which her Captain had hoped to lie by for the day.
However, he knew of another nearer at hand, though not so easy of
access, and to this he directed the vessel's course.

It did not seem to Alaric that he had been asleep more than a few
minutes when he was rudely awakened by being hauled out of his bunk and
dropped on the forecastle floor. At the same time he became conscious of
a voice saying:

"Wake up! Wake up, Rick Dale! I've been calling you for the last five
minutes, and was beginning to think you were dead. Here it is daylight,
with lots of work waiting, and you snoozing away as though you were a
young man of elegant leisure. So tumble out in a hurry, or else you'll
have the Cap'n down on you, and he's no light-weight when he's as mad as
he is this morning."

Never before in all his luxurious life had Alaric been subjected to such
rough treatment, and for a moment he was inclined to resent it; but a
single glance at Bonny's smiling face, and a thought of how deeply he
was indebted to this lad, caused him to change his mind and scramble to
his feet.

"Here are your trousers," continued the young mate, "and the quicker you
can jump into them the better, for we've a jolly bit of kedging to
attend to, and need your assistance badly."

Filled with curiosity as to what a "jolly bit of kedging" might be, and
also pleased with the idea that he was not considered utterly useless,
Alaric hastily dressed and hurried on deck. There the sight of a number
of Chinamen recalled with a shock the nature of the craft on which he
was shipped, and for an instant he was tempted to refuse further service
as a member of her crew. A moment's reflection, however, convinced him
that the present was not the time for such action, as it could only
result in disaster to himself and in extra work being thrown upon Bonny.

The sun had not yet risen, and on one side a broad expanse of water was
overlaid with a light mist. On the other side was a bold shore covered
with forest to the water's edge, and penetrated by a narrow inlet, off
the mouth of which the sloop lay becalmed.

Bonny was already in the dinghy, which held a coil of rope having a
small anchor attached to one end. The other end was on board the sloop,
and made fast to the bitts.

"When I reach the end of the line and heave the kedge overboard, you
want to haul in on it," said the young mate, "and when the sloop is
right over the kedge, let go your anchor. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I think so."

The tide had just turned ebb, and was beginning to run out from the
inlet as Bonny dropped the kedge anchor overboard, and Alaric, beginning
to pull with a hearty will on that long wet rope, experienced the first
delights of kedging. Captain Duff, puffing at a short black pipe, sat by
the tiller and steered, while the Chinese passengers, squatted about the
deck, watched the lad's efforts with a stolid interest.

At length the end of the rope was reached, and Alaric, with aching back
and smarting hands, but beaming with the consciousness of a duty well
performed, imagined his task to be ended.

"Let go your anchor," ordered Captain Duff.

When this was done, and the cable made fast so that the sloop should not
drift back when the kedge was lifted, Bonny heaved up the latter and got
it into the dinghy. Then he sculled still farther into the inlet until
the end of the long line was once more reached, when he again dropped
the small anchor overboard, and poor Alaric found, to his dismay, that
the whole tedious operation was to be repeated. In addition to what he
had done before, the heavy riding anchor was now to be lifted from the
bottom.

As the boy essayed to haul in its cable with his hands, Captain Duff,
muttering something about a "lubberly swab," stumped forward, and
showing him how to use the windlass for this purpose, condescended to
hold the turn, while the perspiring lad pumped away at the iron lever.
When the anchor was lifted, he was directed to again lay hold of the
kedge-line and warp her along handsomely.

Alaric made signs to the Chinamen that they should help him; but they,
being passengers who had paid for the privilege of idleness on this
cruise, merely grinned and shook their heads. So the poor lad tugged at
that heart-breaking line until his strength was so exhausted that the
sloop ceased to make perceptible headway.

At this Captain Duff, who was again nodding over the tiller, suddenly
woke up, rushed among his passengers with brandished crutch, roaring an
order in pidgin English that caused them to jump in terror, lay hold of
the line, and haul it in hand over hand.

Three times more was the whole weary operation repeated, until at length
the sloop was snugly anchored behind a tree-grown point that effectually
concealed her from anything passing in the sound.

"Nice healthy exercise, this kedging," remarked Bonny, cheerfully, as he
came on board.

"You may call it that," responded Alaric, gloomily, "but I call it the
most killing kind of work I ever heard of, and if there is any more of
it to be done, somebody else has got to do it. I simply won't, and
that's all there is about it."

"Oh, pshaw!" laughed the young mate, as he lighted a fire in the galley
stove and began preparations for breakfast. "This morning's job was only
child's play compared with some you'll have before you've been aboard
here a month."

"Which I never will be," replied Alaric, "for I'm going to resign this
very day. I suppose this is the United States and the end of the voyage,
isn't it?"

"It's the States fast enough; but not the end of the run by a good bit.
We've got another night's sail ahead of us before we come to that. But
you mustn't think of resigning, as you call it, just as you are
beginning to get the hang of sailoring. Think how lonely I should be
without you to make things lively and interesting--as you did last
night, for instance."

"I shall, though," replied Alaric, decidedly, "just as quick as we make
a port; for if you think I'm going to remain in the smuggling business
one minute longer than I can help, you're awfully mistaken. And what's
more, you are going with me, and we'll hunt for another job--an honest
one, I mean--together."

"I am, am I?" remarked Bonny. "After you calling me a pirate, too. I
shouldn't think you'd care to associate with pirates."

"But I do care to associate with you," responded Alaric, earnestly, "for
I know I couldn't get along at all without you. Besides, after the
splendid way you came to my rescue last night, I don't want to try. But
I say, Bonny, how did you ever manage to get back on board after
tumbling--after I knocked you into the water? It seems to me the most
mysterious thing I ever heard of."

"Oh, that was easy enough!" laughed the young mate, lifting the lid of a
big kettle of rice that was boiling merrily as he spoke. "You see, I
didn't wholly fall overboard. That is, I caught on the bobstay, and was
climbing up again all right when you let the jib down on top of me,
nearly knocking me into the water and smothering me at the same time.
When I got out from under it you were gone, and a fine hunt we had for
you, during which the old man got considerably excited. But all's well
that ends well, as the Japs said after the war was over, so now if
you'll make a pot of coffee, I'll get the pork ready for frying."

"But I don't know how to make coffee."

"Don't you? I thought everybody knew that. Never mind, though; I'll make
the coffee while you fry the meat."

"I don't know how to do that, either."

"Don't you know how to cook anything?"

"No. I don't think I could boil water without spoiling it."

"Well," said Bonny, pityingly, "you certainly have got more to learn
than any fellow old enough to walk alone that I ever knew."

The sloop remained in her snug hiding-place all that day, during which
her Captain and first mate devoted most of their time to sleeping. The
Chinamen spent the greater part of the day on shore, while Alaric,
following Bonny's advice, made his first attempt at fishing. So long as
he only got bites he had no trouble; but when he finally caught an
enormous flounder his occupation was gone, for he had no second hook,
and could not imagine how the fish was to be removed from the one to
which it was attached. So he let it carefully down into the water again,
and made the line fast until Bonny should wake. When that happened, and
he triumphantly hauled in his line, he found, to his dismay, that his
hook was bare, and that the fish had solved his problem for him.

In the mean time there was much activity that day on board a certain
revenue-cutter stationed in the upper sound, and shortly after dark,
about the time the smuggler _Fancy_ was again getting under way, several
well-manned boats left the government vessel to spend the night in
patrolling certain channels.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




MAPLE-SUGAR MAKING.

BY CHRISTINE TERHUNE HERRICK.


The advent of the sugaring season is looked forward to with joy by the
young people in those districts of New England where the sugar-maple
grows freely. When the sap begins to flow they know that there will be
fun galore, and they watch eagerly for the first mild days that will
encourage the farmers to get out the sugar-buckets.

There is something in their anticipation, too, besides the mere thought
of the regaling of their palates. The running of the sap means the end
of the winter, with all which that has implied of cold and dreariness
and isolation. True, there have been periods of glorious cold weather,
when coasting and skating and straw rides in great sleighs over
sparkling snow and under brilliant moonlight have made even life in
winter worth living, but these bright spots have been oases in long
deserts of dolefulness. There may be poetry and excitement in being
snow-bound; there are only monotony and discomfort in being slush-bound.

  "When the ways are heavy with mire and rut,
    In November fogs, in December snows,
  When the north wind howls, and the doors are shut,
    There is place and enough for the pains of prose."

And there are other trials unmentioned by the English poet which the
New-Englander knows only too well. Frozen water-pipes, frozen fingers
and toes, recurring colds caught in rooms that are too chilly for
comfort or close and over-heated by coal stoves, and many more
annoyances that, small enough when taken separately, make a formidable
sum total when they all come at once.

[Illustration: IN A SUGAR CAMP.]

But now the harbingers of spring are at hand. In sheltered places the
trailing arbutus has begun to show its fragile blossoms, that "take the
winds of March with beauty"; there is even here and there a stray
violet; the mosses in damp places are a deliciously vivid green, and the
grass is losing its sereness in hollows and on the edge of
water-courses. The bluebird has been in evidence for some days, the
song-sparrow's rippling note is heard, and there are rumors that a robin
has been seen. The ways are still "heavy with mire and rut," but there
is a not distant prospect of settled roads and good walking. There is a
suggestion of spring in the air, in spite of the drifts of snow in the
ravines and in the woods. The young people do not wish to see that snow
go too fast, for it is essential to a part of their fun. For how could
they "sugar off" without snow? Even the farmers would prefer hauling the
sledge that carries the store tub, in which they collect the sap, over
the snow than over the bare ground.

To the children and young people the thought of "sugaring off" is the
chief one connected with the maple-sugar season. That is unless they
live on farms and have to do their part in preparing the sap for market.
The time means something quite different to the farmer and his men, who
must tramp through snow and mud from tree to tree of the sugar orchard
that is generally scattered over hill and dale, and seldom within a
small radius, who must watch the sap-buckets and empty them before they
overflow, who must bring the sap from the tree to the sugar-house and
empty it into the great store tubs that await it. And even then their
work is but just begun, for the shorter the space between the time the
sap leaves the tree and its transformation into syrup and sugar, the
better will be the quality of these. So the sap must not stand long in
the store tubs before it is turned into the great evaporator over a
roaring fire, where it is to be changed from what appears to be slightly
sweetened water into thick, flavorous syrup. The improvement of methods
in sugar manufacture no longer render it necessary that the boiling sap
should be watched all night, as the sugar-makers had to do in the old
days, when the sap was boiled in a great kettle swung over an open fire
in the woods. Still the work is hard and absorbing, for the season is
short and no time can be wasted.

The women have their share of the toil. To them it falls to boil down
the syrup to the proper thickness for sending out as maple molasses or
as sugar in cakes. They "sugar off" frequently, but it is only to
ascertain whether the syrup has reached the stage where it can be taken
from the fire, stirred until it granulates, and then turned into the
little tins that mould it into the cakes familiar to us all.

That is what "sugaring off" means to the farmer and his wife. It means
something quite different to the young people who have been planning for
sugar parties long before the farmer thought of tapping his trees.

A sugar party is not a fall-dress affair. Evening clothes and low-cut
gowns would be decidedly out of place in the farm-house kitchen, where
the most important part of the entertainment comes off. The "best
Sunday-go-to-meeting" garments fulfil all the requirements of the
toilet.

A sugar party is very elastic so far as numbers are concerned. It may be
either small or large, although as a rule the old principle of the more
the merrier holds good here. Both sexes are represented, and the only
essential qualities in a guest are a social spirit and a good digestion.

The place to thoroughly enjoy sugar-making is on a farm where they
"sugar off" half a dozen times a day. It is the usual thing for a party
of young people to arrange for a visit to a farm-house in the height of
the sugar season, and they throw themselves into the fun of the hour
with an abandon which proves the injustice of the charge that we, as a
people, like the English, take our pleasure sadly. The girls and boys
inspect the flowing of the sap, form a merry escort around the sledge
that conveys the sap to the sugar-house, hang about the golden syrup
boiling and bubbling in the big evaporator, and it is a noisy and
jubilant crowd that gathers around the tin pans filled with snow, upon
which is poured the smoking syrup that is, by contact with the snow,
transformed into that delicious compound, "maple wax."

Three or four young people, each armed with a fork, may gather about a
small pan, where the syrup lies in golden arabesques upon the white
snow. It is very pretty to look at, very good to taste, and very sticky
to handle. Unless it has been boiled to a point of brittleness where it
snaps when touched by the fork--and this is unusual--it will cling to
the tines in a fashion that gives new and literal meaning to the words,
"Linked sweetness long-drawn out." The experienced sugar-eater has
learned enough to give a dexterous turn of the fork that twists the wax
about the prongs in a compact morsel, while the green hand struggles
with the strung-out portion that falls to his share, and is forced to
make desperate appeals for a knife or a spoon to break the tenuous
fragment.

Even when the wax is on the fork all trouble is not over. The next thing
is to eat it, and to achieve this operation with the grace and dignity
one would desire is well-nigh impossible. The subject of the experiment
looks at her fork and wonders whether it is better to nibble at the
sugar or to make one huge mouthful of the whole lamp of delight. Woe be
to her if she pursues the former course! Unless the sugar is
exceptionally crisp, she will find that she has attached to her teeth
one end of an unbreakable thread that stretches as do the fibres of a
stringy Welsh rarebit. She understands how the spider feels when he
spins a never-ending filament.

Under these circumstances she will probably find her chief consolation
in the spectacle of her neighbor, who has attempted to take all the
sugar on his fork at a single mouthful. He has sunk his teeth into the
sugar, and it holds them as closely as it adheres to the fork. He
struggles vainly to loosen his teeth or to withdraw the tines. Not until
he casts dignity to the winds, and taking the fork in both hands, drags
on it with main strength, does he release himself even partially. Then,
as the sugar melts in his mouth, he finds himself free once more.

It will readily be imagined that with such scenes as these taking place
all over the room there is no lack of fun. The amusement may not spring
from a very high mental source, but it is pure, innocent jollity, and
everybody enjoys it.

No one knows how much sugar he can devour, and live to tell the tale,
until he has been on a Vermont farm in sugaring-time. At each sugaring
off he will eat so much that he will declare he never wishes to see
maple-sugar again so long as he lives. Nevertheless, when the syrup is
ready to sugar off again, he is waiting to take his place among the rest
and eat and eat until he is once more satiated. And this performance he
repeats half a dozen times a day. Many persons claim that maple-sugar
thus eaten makes them drowsy, but the fresh outer air soon dispels such
sleepiness and gives them an appetite for more sugar.

One of the indispensable items of a sugaring off is a dish of pickles.
The palates that have been surfeited with the cloying sweetness crave
the relief of the acid. The advocates of the pickle-jar will assure you
that after a pickle or two one can eat as much sugar as if he had not
tasted it before, and a little observation and experiment leads one to
believe that the theory is correct.

A pleasant variety is made by sprinkling the meats of butternuts,
walnuts, or hickory-nuts on the snow, and covering these with the syrup,
thus making a toothsome maple nut candy.

All these dainties are sampled at different intervals during the day in
every household where sugar is made, but when evening comes there is
usually a gathering of the young people at one or another farm-house.
The country folk who have social instincts have little terror of long
walks, and they think nothing of tramping a mile or more "across lots"
over rough pasture-land, or along frozen roads, to a neighbor's where
there is to be a sugar party. At such a function there are no
refreshments demanded except the "maple wax" and pickles. Formality is
altogether lacking. The guests gather about a long table, on which stand
the milk-pans full of snow, and dip the syrup from the one big kettle
boiling on the stove.

When they have satisfied themselves with sweets for the time, at least,
they fall to playing games--such old-fashioned amusements as Twenty
Questions, Consequences, Dumb Crambo, or the livelier Fox and Geese and
Blindman's Buff. Occasionally Parcheesi, Lotto, and Backgammon will have
their devotees, and rarely there will be games of cards. The party does
not continue to a late hour. There must be a final sugaring off before
the assembly breaks up for the night and muffle themselves for their
long trudge homeward in the white moonlight or under the solemn stars.




AN "OLD-FIELD" SCHOOL-GIRL.

BY MARION HARLAND.

CHAPTER I.


Everybody spoke of it as an "old-field school"; but the only field in
sight was one hundred acres in extent and always under cultivation. On
the early October morning with which my story begins it was tender green
with fall wheat growing fast under the warm Virginia sunshine. A
"worm-fence" of rails separated it from the copse of sassafras and
chinquapin bushes and scrub-oaks, beyond which was the clearing lying
about the school-house door. Many generations of scholars had trampled
this area into dust that had not put forth a blade of grass in the
month's vacation just ended. But for two tough-lived aspens planted
close to the steps of the small building there was not a sign of
vegetation nearer to it than the belt of brushwood. The school-house was
built of hewn logs, chinked with bits of wood half as long and twice as
thick as a shingle. The spaces between these billets were filled in with
mortar in which there was much red clay and little lime. Sun, rain, and
wind had bleached the mortar to a dirty pink and darkened the logs to
grayish-black. Upon two sides of the one-roomed building were windows
running horizontally two-thirds of the way across the walls, and but one
pane deep. A log had been sawed out, and a single long sash fitted into
the space thus left. The sash hung from hinges made fast to the log
above it, and when closed was hooked down to hasps set in the lower log.
The inner walls and ceiling were plastered with the warmly colored
mortar used in filling up the chinks. As far up as a boy could reach by
standing upon a bench the mottled surface was covered with pencillings
and charcoal scrawls. There was but one movable desk; that stood at the
head of the room. It had a hinged cover with a padlock attached to it,
and a wooden arm-chair was beside it. The rest of the room was furnished
with backless benches of unpainted pine mellow-brown with age, a big
stove at the right of the teacher's chair, and a row of tall stools
ranged in front of a sloping shelf made fast to the wall behind the
desk. Upon these the scholars sat when they had their writing-lessons.

A locust--"a dry-weather fly," the people thereabouts called it--had
perched on the sill of the sunniest window, and sang shrilly. But for
his chirp the room was very still until two men pushed back the door and
strolled up the aisle. Their steps started up queer echoes, like
whispers and titters, that chased one another from one corner to
another; the locust stopped singing.

"Mrs. Duncombe sent a couple of women over yesterday to sweep and
scrub," said the elder of the men. "It all looks fairly decent, I
think."

He seated himself upon the teacher's desk, swinging one leg over a
corner of it, the other foot upon the floor, and looked around the room,
a smile half-humorous, half-pensive showing his white teeth and lighting
up his eyes. He had a noble face; his age may have been fifty; his hair
was iron-gray. As from the force of early habit he had pulled off his
hat at the door, and now held it in his left hand, while with his right
he tapped his boot with his riding-whip. This was Major Duncombe, of
Greenfield, a fine specimen of the Virginia planter of 1840.

"All the learning I carried with me to college was flogged into me
here," he went on, musingly. "Old Byars Lowton reigned supreme from this
desk then. I have heard my father say that when Byars applied for the
place, Colonel Barton, of Hurley, my nearest neighbor, said to him,
'Young gentleman, you are young and inexperienced. We should like to
know something of your proposed principles of government. How do you
mean to manage your school?' 'By switch and suasion, sir,' said Byars;
'_specially switch_.' The speech got him a berth he held for forty
years, and in all that time his hand never lost its cunning"--laughing
good-humoredly.

His companion had thrown himself into the wooden arm-chair, and while
listening to the Major made good use of his eyes in scrutinizing room
and contents. He smiled at the concluding sentence, a smile that curved
his mouth upward and drew his brows together, deepening a crease which
was always between them. "We shall not disagree there, I reckon," he
said. "Martinet practice in the school-room is the wisest in the
long-run."

He had a way of jerking out his words that agreed with the impression
his face and frown made upon a girl who sat upon the floor in a far
corner of the room, with a book upon her knees. She had made a nook for
herself by setting one bench upon the top of another, and, herself
unseen in the shadow, surveyed the two men through the space left
between the benches. She knew one well, and the other was undoubtedly
the new teacher who was to take charge of the school the next Monday.
Her father had said the day before that he was at Greenfield. He had
been in college with young Mr. Duncombe, and the families were old
friends.

He was shorter than the Major by half a head, and slight in build. His
head was large in proportion to the rest of the body; his forehead broad
and thatched with straight straw-colored hair; his eyes were large, and
a queer faint blue in color. When he spoke he pursed up his mouth and
wagged his head slightly from side to side; in walking he swung his arms
and held his head high. Like the instructor of the "switch and suasion"
story, he looked very young, not over two-and-twenty.

Unaware of the disapproving gaze of the mouselike eyes, the new-comer
resumed, "I was brought up in the old way myself, and see no reason to
depart from it."

The Major's eyes ran over the slight figure and twinkled roguishly.
"There will be some strapping fellows--pretty hard cases too--in the
school, who might not be easy to drive," he said. "They are tolerably
good boys in the main, if taken in the right way, with no more spirit
than one likes to see in lads of their age. You'll have no trouble with
the girls."

"I'm not so sure of that. They need flogging as much as their brothers,
sometimes more, and take advantage of the public sentiment that shields
them. As it does everywhere."

"I should hope so indeed!" answered the Major, promptly. "I have never
laid the weight of a finger upon one of my daughters. My boys"--the
twinkle returning to his eyes--"will tell you that I have licked them
out of their boots times without number. That is the reason they are so
well grown. Their sinews are strengthened and lengthened by exercise.
Eh? What is it?"

The stranger had started up and pointed to the distant corner. "Who is
that over there? Somebody has been eavesdropping!"

Before the terrified girl could scramble to her feet the two men were
looking down at her over the uppermost bench.

[Illustration: "DON'T LOOK SO SCARED, CHILD! WE ARE NOT HUNTING YOU."]

"Why! why! why!" uttered the Major. "Flea, is it you? What are you
skulking in the corner for like an old hare in a hollow? Don't look so
scared, child! We are not hunting you."

She was pulling herself up. She had been sitting with one foot doubled
under her, and it had gone to sleep. She dropped a courtesy, first to
the Major, then to his companion.

"I'm sorry, sir, but I didn't s'pose anybody would be here. I've often
been here before. To read all alone, you know. Mother doesn't mind."

"What book is that?--the Bible?"

"No, sir; Shakespeare."

"So-ho-o!" The Major reached a long arm over the upper bench and brought
up a large book that had lost the outer covers, the fly-leaves, and the
title-page. "Where did this come from?"

"Father bought it at Mr. Harrison's sale, year before last. One back was
off, and he said I might have it."

"And you've read the other back off since? How far have you got in it?"

"I've been through it twice and a half times."

"Twice and a half times, eh?"--with a whistle. "How old are you, may I
ask?"

"Twelve and a half, sir."

"You are fond of fractions, it seems. Flea, this is Mr. Tayloe, who is
going to teach you something besides Shakespeare next week. You saw Mr.
Grigsby this morning, Mr. Tayloe. This young lady who has read
Shakespeare twice and a half times and is twelve and a half years old is
his daughter."

The girl courtesied again; Mr. Tayloe nodded and pursed up his mouth.
The Major resumed his kindly raillery, dipping at random into the
dogeared book with the look and touch of one familiar with its contents.

"What have you been reading to-day, my fractional damsel?"

"King Henry Fifth, sir."

"Whose son was he?"

"King Henry Fourth's, sir."

The girl was now quite at home with him and her subject. Her sallow face
warmed and dimpled with enjoyment of the mock examination. She stood
erect, her arms crossed upon the upper bench, her eyes dancing with
amusement.

"Let me see. He was a nice, steady, well-behaved young fellow?"

"Very nice, sir, but he wasn't a bit steady. He was right wild before he
got to be King. After that he was _splendid_."

"Humph! Didn't he steal the crown from the old gentleman's head before
the breath was out of his body? I don't call that nice behavior."

"Because he thought his father was dead," cried the girl, forgetting
jest and herself in defence of her hero. "If he had been dead, the crown
would have belonged to his son. When Prince Henry found out that his
father was only in a faint and was coming to, don't you remember how he
knelt down and begged pardon, and said,

          'There is your crown,
  And He that wears the crown eternally--'

That meant God, you know,

  'Long guard it yours?'

It wouldn't be fair to lay _that_ up against him, sir."

The Major laid the book gently upon the bench, sighing as he did it.
"You are right, my child," he said, in an altered tone. "An older book
than Shakespeare says, 'Remember not the sins of my youth.' We won't be
hard upon your dear Prince Hal. Your father tells me he is going to send
three of you to school."

"Yes, sir. Bea and Dee and me."

"_What!_" ejaculated Mr. Tayloe, with a short, sharp laugh. He had not
spoken during the Shakespearean talk, but fidgeted about the aisle,
inspecting the notches and initials cut in the benches, and frowning at
the inscriptions upon the walls. "And you called her 'Flea,' didn't
you?" he continued. "I never heard anything more ridiculous. Haven't
they Christian names?"

"Very Christian, I believe," answered the Major, invincibly
good-natured. "At least I can answer for Dee, who was christened
'David.' I was his godfather. And your name, Flea, is--"

"Felicia, sir," said the girl, as he hesitated, "and my sister's is
Beatrice."

Mr. Tayloe's laugh was almost a vulgar sniff, and he walked to the door,
as if impatient to be gone.

"Well, good-morning to you," said the Major to Flea. "We won't interrupt
your reading any longer. Mr. Tayloe is very much gratified to know that
he will have such an intelligent and industrious scholar. You will be a
comfort and a pride to him."

"Possibly Mr. Tayloe may take a different view of the case," observed
that gentleman, as they mounted the horses they had left tied to the
aspen-trees. "I am afraid that young person will have to forget a great
deal before she can learn anything. She is puffed up with the notion
that she is a prodigy. I would wager my head that she suspected we would
go to the school-house to-day, and planned to be found there with her
Shakespeare. But what could one expect from the child of a father who
turns an eleven-year-old girl loose in Shakespeare, and a mother who has
her daughters christened Felicia and Beatrice, and nicknames them Flea
and Bea?"

"Oh, come, now! you are hard upon my worthy overseer and his wife,"
rejoined the Major, diverted by the teacher's indignation. "They are
excellent folks who mind their own business, attend church regularly,
and mean to have their children well educated. Grigsby is a man of
remarkable intelligence for his position--a great reader and a clear
thinker. As to the nicknames, it is a trick of this region to deck up
children in fancy names, and then, as if they were ashamed of the
sentimentality, to make the high-sounding titles ridiculous by nicking
and contorting them. The more absurd the nickname the tighter it
sticks."

Mr. Tayloe made no immediate answer. They had left the copse flanking
the school-house play-ground, and were pacing between the banks of a
sunken red-clay road, topped by pines, when he broke the silence:

"The old-field school is a horrible leveller of social distinctions.
Where else would your children and Mr. Barton's meet, as equals, those
of an illiterate overseer? These things must be right in a so-called
republic, but I confess they go against the grain with me."

"They dry straight," said the Major, oracularly. "If the planter's
children cannot keep abreast, if not ahead, of the overseer's, they must
fall behind in the race. In this country every man ought to have a fair
chance."

When the sound of hoofs and voices died away upon her ears, Flea Grigsby
pushed aside her barricade and came out of her hiding-place. Her fear in
building it was that some mischievous boy or passing negro might peep in
at the school-house door and disturb her reading and thinking.

Now that she had left her shadowy nook, it could be seen that she was
tall for her age, thin, and dark. She had out-grown her frock of mixed
blue homespun--"Virginia cloth," as it was called. Children then wore
their skirts down to their heels. Flea's had been let down three times,
each letting-down registering itself in a band of unfaded stuff, yet the
hem left exposed a pair of slim ankles and bare brown feet. She had
shoes and stockings at home for Sunday and holiday wear, and her mother
had notified her yesterday that she was "getting too old to go to school
barefoot." At home she and three younger children ran upon naked soles
(except on Sundays) from the 1st of May to the 1st of November, and
revelled in their freedom from cramping shoes.

Her cheeks were burning and her heart was thumping with vainglorious
delight, such as she had never felt before. Major Duncombe--"the
illustrious Major Duncombe," as she called him in her quaint bookish
way--had pronounced her "industrious and intelligent." She hoped that he
would say it at his own supper-table that evening, and that her dear
Miss Em'ly would hear it. She could fancy how Miss Em'ly's eyes would
flash and her pretty mouth smile at praises of the scholar who "just
adored her."

Long afterward Flea recalled and thought it strange, in view of what
happened in later months, that she should have thought so much of Miss
Em'ly that October afternoon when she sat dreaming happily upon the log
door-step of the school-house, the hundred-acre field of wheat at her
right stretching away almost to the river, and before her, beyond the
play-ground and belt of brushwood, the dark forest, in the depths of
which she felt almost as much at home as in her father's house.

The day was unseasonably warm, and in the sultry stillness the
dry-weather flies were fiercely defying the threats of a cloud that was
rising from the west to swallow up the sun. The log door-step was quite
hot to the girl's bare feet. The leaves of the scrub-oaks were
red-brown, and those of the sumac scarlet, although there had been no
frost as yet, and the colors dulled as the sunshine left them. The aspen
leaves lay back against their stems, exposing their white linings. Every
breath of air was hushed, as if the unrolling cloud were a gray blanket
and suffocating the earth.

Presently a low growl of thunder seemed, as it passed, to deaden the
calm.

"We are going to have a shower," Flea said, aloud, looking up.

She did not budge. She could not get home before the rain, and she was
extremely comfortable where she was. Wrapping her bare arms about her
knees--another of her "ways"--she hugged herself and her fancies, caring
nothing for heat or threatening storm. From babyhood she had created a
world of her own, and lived in it at least half of the time. She called
this dreaming, for the lack of a better term, "playing ladies." Nobody
else knew of the play, much less of the "ladies" in it. She believed
that she had invented it, and in it she always took the chief part.

In her present day-dream Major Duncombe was a conspicuous actor, and the
school-room was the stage. Under the new teacher prizes would be
offered, and she would win them all. She had read of such things, and of
examination day. She would coax her mother into giving her a new Swiss
muslin frock--not an old one of Bea's. She had never had a really new
Sunday frock of her very own. Bea grew as fast as she, and could not be
outstripped. The frock would have a full "baby waist," low in the neck,
and short-sleeved. There must be a pink ribbon sash with fringed ends.
And perhaps her mother might buy for her a pair of India-cotton
stockings, and slippers with rosettes upon them. At the imagination she
hugged her knees the harder. She did not own a pair of "bought"
stockings. Bea had but two pairs, and wore them upon grand occasions.

Thus dressed, she would leave her modest seat in the school-room and
walk up the aisle when Major Duncombe, in his finest manner, called up
"Miss Felicia Grigsby" to receive, first one, then another of the
prizes offered for--say, reading, writing, history--and there ought to
be a fourth. Four were none too many. Oh, for Shakespeare, of course!
When all had been given, the Major would make a speech.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he would say, in his deep round voice, "as our
revered preceptor will bear me witness" (here he would bow to Mr.
Tayloe, who would bow and smile), "I told him six months ago that our
fair young friend here would prove herself the most intelligent and
industrious of his pupils. He is proud of her, ladies and gentlemen, and
you and I, and indeed everybody in this county is--(or would 'are' sound
better?)--justly proud of our distinguished citizen, Miss Felicia Jean
Grigsby."

Then she would courtesy very low and gracefully, and say, in a voice
mellow with emotion (another bookish phrase she had picked up), "You do
me too much honor, I assure you, sir."

A tremendous roar of thunder awoke her. At the ripping and rending of
the laden clouds the rain rushed down in a volume, washing out the view
of everything in the landscape except the nearest bushes and the
aspen-trees.


CHAPTER II.

Flea was a hardy, country-bred child, and as little afraid of thunder,
lightning, and flood as of the loneliness of the deserted school-house.
She laughed low and gleefully as she drew her skirt up to her knees and
stuck out both thin brown legs in the warm rain, wriggling her toes
contentedly in the shower-bath. A broad reddish pool was spread out in
front of the door in three minutes, and the heavy drops plashing into it
raised tiny bobbing bubbles.

"They are fairies dancing at a ball!" ejaculated Flea. "How featly they
foot it!"

The rain poured on, the dull rumble on the roof stirring up hollow
echoes in the room behind her; the fairies danced more and more wildly
as a sharp shower of hail mixed with the rain-drops. The falling pellets
stung Flea's legs, and she drew them in, still laughing, drying them
imperfectly with a blue cotton handkerchief she took from her pocket.
Sitting further back out of the spray, she doubled her legs under her to
warm them.

The rain streamed steadily, beating the wind down; the sky darkened
slowly, with no alternations of lighter glimpses. In happy
unconsciousness of the lapse of time, Flea waited patiently for the
"holding-up" that could not be far away.

"When it rains so hard, it doesn't last long," she thought, surprised to
find herself yawning.

The monotonous patter upon the roof, the dash and drip from the
unguttered eaves, had made her drowsy. She would take a short nap, and
find it clear upon awakening. Then there would be a merry tramp through
the puddles, and pines, and wet old-field broom-straw, to her supper at
sunset.

She shut the door, went back to her corner, and stretched herself upon a
bench, putting the bulky Shakespeare under her head for a pillow.

"What rich and strange dreams I ought to have!" she murmured; shut her
eyes and took up the examination-day scene where she had left it off.

Yes, that would be just the right thing to say. She must speak
distinctly so that other people would hear it as well as the dear Major,
who would stand there smiling down at her:

"You do me too--much--honor--I--assure--"

The soughing of the weak gusts in the aspen-boughs, the plashing from
the eaves, and the thud upon the clap-boarded roof, steady as a
drum-beat, had made quick work of waking dreams.

An hour went by. The wind shifted to the east and blew the door ajar,
but the interior was no lighter for the opening. Darkness settled within
and without the lonely building--a night in which there would be neither
moon nor star to light the child, should she awake, to attempt the
measured mile that lay between the school-house and her home.

Before preceding her thither I must try to explain to the young reader
of this generation what was the social position of an overseer upon a
Virginia plantation at a time when all the house and field servants were
negro slaves. The overseer was as white as his employer, but much nearer
the slave's level, unwilling as he might be to admit it, and his social
rank suffered accordingly.

The Duncombes were too secure in their position in State, county, and
neighborhood to be supercilious to inferiors, and too sensible not to
appreciate the fact that the Grigsbys were most respectable in their
walk of life. The father was a faithful and valuable official upon the
great estate which comprised five of the best farms upon the river. Miss
Emily and Miss Eliza were often at the overseer's house upon one errand
or another, and sat for half an hour in as friendly chat with Mrs.
Grigsby as if she had belonged to their visiting-list. Every spring and
autumn she was sent for from Greenfield to help with the cutting out and
making up of the clothes for the army of servants, who must be looked
after and cared for as if they were children. Sometimes Mrs. Grigsby did
not return to her home for several days, receiving cordial kindness from
all of the Duncombes.

The night was chilly after the hail-storm, and the rain had not ceased.
All the children, except Flea, were clustered in "the chamber," where
was a glow of heat and light.

The fire was getting so hot that Bea pushed her chair and set the
candle-stand further away from it, and demanded of Calley (short for
Caledonia) "what she was thinkin' about to let the baby roast his brains
by crawlin' so close to the hearth!"

"He'll ketch fire, if you don't mind," she added. "Move him to the other
side of the room."

"Do it yourself," retorted the checks-player. "It's my turn now, an' I
can't stop for nothin'. One, two, three!"

"We'll see 'bout that, my lady, when ma comes in," said the other, in an
elder-sisterly tone, and a step in the passage giving notice of the
threatened "coming," Calley missed the marble she had meant to catch
upon the back of her hand, and turning over on her side, made a long arm
to drag the baby by his frock away from the hearth.

Thus suddenly attacked in the rear, the luckless infant lost his balance
and pitched over upon his forehead. The thump was followed by a terrific
howl.

"I declar' you children are enough to w'ar anybody's life out of her!"
exclaimed Mrs. Grigsby, picking up the screaming child and beginning to
rub his forehead hard with the palm of her hand--"to scatter the
bruise," she would have said if asked why she did it. "Thar, thar,
deary! ma's sugar pie! I should 'a' thought some on you might 'a'
hendered him from ketchin' sech a fall as that. Calley, give me one o'
them sugar rags to stop his mouth!"

The sugar rags were small squares of old linen or muslin, in which were
tied up cold boiled rice or stale bread and brown sugar. Each was of the
shape and size of a marble, and, before it was given to the baby, was
dipped in milk, or, if milk were not at hand, in water. The smallest
Grigsby's howl subsided into a queer whine, like that of a choking
puppy, and this into an intermittent grunt, as his mother trotted him on
her knee, holding the sugar rag in his mouth all the while.

"I come in to arsk ef any you children has any idea whar your sister
Flea is," she was saying, when she could talk down the baby. "I've been
a-callin' of her upsta'rs an' down-sta'rs an' all over the place, an'
she ain't nowhar to be foun'. Your pa he's gone to the stable to see ef
she's crawled up inter the hay-lof', or some sech outlandish place, an'
gone to sleep. That chile's as wild as a hawk. You never know what
she'll be up to nex'. She'll get los' sure 'nough some o' these days,
an' then _thar_ it will be!"

"She's got the right name," giggled Bea. "She's jest like a flea--when
you put your finger on her, she ain't there."

"It's no laughin' matter, I ken tell you, Mr. Dee!" retorted his mother,
as Dee's snicker answered his sister's giggle. "Well, pa," as her
husband entered, "any sign o' her?"

Mr. Grigsby, a tall lean man with sandy hair and whiskers, who looked
and spoke like a person with more sense and far more education than the
wife he had married fifteen years before for her pretty face and good
housekeeping, stalked up to the hearth, shaking the wet from his coat
into the fire, after the manner of a huge water-dog. Dee drew back to
escape from the flying drops, and Bea put her embroidery behind her.
Neither ventured to complain. Their father was kind and just to them,
but he was master in his own house, and not to be trifled with when his
face was as black as they now saw it. His voice was naturally harsh, and
he had a touch of the Scotch "burr" in his speech. He spoke roughly and
angrily:

"Sign of her? No! Things have come to a pretty pass if all of you
together can't keep the run of one child while I'm off on the plantation
working like a horse to put bit and sup into your mouths. Chaney tells
me she saw her go off towards the woods right after dinner, with a book
under her arm and her knitting in her hand. Have any of you seen her
since?"

The children looked from one to the other, and then to their mother, who
looked at them in the same way. Nobody said a word. Mr. Grigsby reached
up for a lantern that stood on the chimney-piece, opened it, and lighted
the candle within with a coal taken from the fire with the tongs. He
snapped to the lantern door, crossed the room in three strides, and in
another minute was heard outside shouting to Dick to saddle his horse
and bring him around.

When the horse was ready he whistled up a couple of dogs, and swung
himself into the saddle. As he did so, a voice called shrilly to him,
and his wife ran out into the rain, throwing her apron over her head as
she came.

"Pa! pa! stop!" she panted. "Bea says she's 'most certain Flea's gone to
see Miss Em'ly. The child's jes distracted after her, you know, an' Bea
says she was sayin' this mornin' how she'd promised to gether a heap o'
life-everlastin' for Miss Em'ly to stuff a piller with. Bea says sure's
you're born thar's whar the run-mad thing has gone to, an' they've kep'
her all night on 'count o' the rain, Bea says."

Mr. Grigsby's patience and temper were often tried by his children's
mother. Sometimes he spoke his mind to her. Oftener he did not express
his feelings in words. They found vent now in a single harsh "Pshaw!" a
Scotch snort, which she might have divided equally between herself and
her oracle, Bea. As he blew it out he struck his spur into the horse's
side and vanished into the rainy darkness, the dogs racing after him.

"I never see your pa more heady'n he is to-night," sighed the mother,
returning to the waiting group that filled the lighted front door. "He's
hard's a rock when he's sot upon anything."

The hard head was turned in the direction of Greenfield. The father
might "pshaw" at Bea's suggestions and her mother's conclusions, but his
sound sense told him they had given him a likely clew to the whereabouts
of the missing child. If she had carried what he named in his
displeasure "old-field trash" to "the house," she would have been
detained there by the storm. Miss Emily made a pet of the lassie, and
they might take it for granted that her family knew where she was. She
got caught in a snow-storm up there last winter, and Miss Emily would
not let her go home for three days. The idea became more and more
plausible as he pushed on, the dogs at his heels, his big umbrella over
his head. By the time the lights of the great house on the hill
glimmered through the straight lines of rain, he was quite sure he
should find his daughter under that safe shelter.

He rode to the stable and put his horse under cover, then made his way
to the front door. It stood wide open, and so did that of the
drawing-room, the broad red light flashing out into the hall telling
that a fire had been kindled there.

A burst of music from the drawing-room arrested Mr. Grigsby's hand as he
raised it to the knocker. Miss Emily and Miss Eliza were singing at the
piano, and a man's voice joined in with theirs. The listener's knowledge
of music was slight, but he had a good ear, and he knew that the
unfamiliar voice was remarkably fine. It was strong and clear and sweet,
and each word was articulated distinctly. The three were singing one of
Moore's melodies arranged as a fugue, or, as unmusical people used to
call it, "a chasing tune."

  "Meet me by moonlight alo-o-o-ne,"

sang Miss Emily's small voice, as tunefully as a bobolink. And while she
went on with

  "And then I will tell thee a tale,"

Miss Eliza took up "Meet me by moonlight alone."

Before they could begin the second verse Mr. Grigsby let the knocker
fall smartly, and Major Duncombe himself came out into the hall.

"Ah, Mr. Grigsby!" he said, cordially, but looking surprised.
"Good-evening. Walk in. Nothing the matter, I hope?"

"I hope not, sir. But I was in hope of finding my little girl here.
Fl--Felicia, my second daughter. She has not come home, and I thought
she might have come up here on some errand or other, and been kept by
the rain."

In the hush that followed his knock what he said was heard plainly in
the drawing-room, and all the home party, headed by Miss Emily, now
appeared, questioning and anxious.

Miss Emily flew up to the overseer, her blue eyes large, her red lips
apart. She was out of breath and quite pale with alarm.

[Illustration: "WON'T YOU ALL GO RIGHT OFF AND LOOK FOR HER?"]

"What _did_ you say, Mr. Grigsby? _Is_ my little scholar lost? She isn't
here. She hasn't been here all day--no, not for a _week_ and more. Oh,
the _poor_ little dear! I _hope_ nothing has happened to her. Won't you
_all_ go right off and look for her?"

She wrung her tiny white hands, and turned, first to her father, then to
her grown brother, and lastly to Mr. Tayloe, who was nearest to her.
"Can't _I_ go too?" she pleaded, and her eyes had real tears of real
distress in them. A little more and she would be crying outright.

Three or four people began to speak all at once, but Mr. Tayloe's voice
arose above the rest.

"Isn't that the child we saw at the school-house to-day, Major? We left
her there at half past three, Mr. Grigsby. She must have been caught
there by the rain."

In some way which nobody could have explained his cool, matter-of-fact
manner was like a wet blanket upon the excitement caused by the news of
the child's disappearance. Even Mr. Grigsby felt for an instant that
much ado had been made over a very little matter. Miss Emily tittered
nervously.

"How _very_ clever in you to recollect it, Mr. Tayloe!" gazing
gratefully at him. "_Please_, papa, order ever so many of the men to go
right _straight_ after her with lights and blankets and hot coffee and
things, and bring her _right_ here. I can find some dry clothes for her,
and she can sleep in my room, and--"

"That will do, Emily," said her father, quietly. "Joe"--to the colored
footman who had been summoned by the knocker--"tell Jack and Emmanuel to
get lightwood knots, and Cæsar to have my gig ready at once. Mr.
Grigsby, I will go with you. As Mr. Tayloe suggests, we shall probably
find the child at the school-house."

Mr. Grigsby's eyes and ears were quick. He was near enough to Miss Emily
to overhear her say in an undertone to Mr. Tayloe:

"Won't you go, too, _please_? It will be a _real_ favor to me."

The overseer faced her abruptly. "Excuse me, Miss Emily, but I hope you
won't persuade Mr. Tayloe to go out this wet night. There is no need
whatever for him to do it. Indeed, Major Duncombe, if you will kindly
let one of the hands go along with a lightwood torch, it is all I could
ask. I am very sorry to cause such a disturbance."

"I shall go, if Major Duncombe will allow me, because it is Miss
Duncombe's desire," said Mr. Tayloe, stiffly.

It would be foolish and useless to discuss the matter further. The canny
Scotchman knew the impropriety of disputing with one who was now a
member of his employer's family. With a brief "good-night" to the
ladies, he went off to get his horse.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




FROM CHUM TO CHUM.

BY GASTON V. DRAKE.

IX.--FROM BOB TO JACK.


  LONDON, _July_ --, 189-.

[Illustration]

DEAR JACK,--Pop wants me to keep a dairy of this trip, and I told him I
would, but it takes an awful pile of time to do it and write letters
home too, so it's come down to this: Either you've got to keep these
letters I'm writing to you, and let me have 'em type-written when I get
back, or I've got to keep the dairy, and if I keep the dairy you don't
get any more letters. I'll keep on writing until you let me know what
you're going to do about it, because I guess maybe you'll say all right,
go ahead. I don't see much sense in keeping dairys, but Pop says that
boys that go abroad ought to, because they see lots and lots of things
they never saw before and ought to remember. "What's the matter with
remembering them?" said I, and he said: "Oh, you can't. Once there was a
man who really remembered all he saw and heard, and when he got to be an
old man his memory held so much it bulged his head out, and he had to
have his hats built for him at ruinous expence."

Speaking of expence reminds me. The money they have over here is fine.
My allowance when I'm home is ten cents a week, and over here Pop gives
me sixpence. It's a clear gain of two cents a week, and I'm mighty glad
I wasn't getting a quarter a week, because then Pop says he'd have made
it a shilling, and I'd have lost a cent every week, because a shilling's
only worth twenty-four cents. I hate to spend my allowance here though.
I don't wonder English people get awful rich. It's easier to save than
it is at home because over here when you spend money you feel as if you
were spending your collection of coins, which you don't like to do. I've
spent two bully coins already. One of 'em had George the Third's head on
it, and the other was a Queen's Jubylee sixpence.

There's other money too, and lots of gold in sight. The five-dollar gold
piece and the Queen all go by the same name, the sovereign, though some
people call it the pound so as to extinguish it from the Queen. I
haven't seen her yet, and I don't know as I want to. They say she wears
bonnets just like all other women, and doesn't go round with regal
things on at all. I don't see what fun there is in seeing a Queen if she
don't carry a wand in her hand and wear a crown on her head.

There's lots of nonsense in the pictures we've seen of these royal
personages anyhow. The other day when Pop and I were coming home from
the bank in a handsome cab we passed a carriage with the Prince of
Whales in it. He's going to be King some day if he has luck and he
didn't look any more like a Prince than Sandboys. I've seen Sandboys
look a great sight more hortier than he did, and as for the feathers
he's always said to wear he didn't have a feather about him. I guess
we've got Indians at home that can give him points on feathers and not
half try.

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

But I tell you you can tell Americans every time even if you can't tell
a Prince or a Duke from a hotel-keeper. I was sitting in the office the
other day looking at the hotel elevator. They have two of 'em in every
hotel because one of 'em seems to be out of order, and a lady came up to
me and said she guessed from my spockling black eyes I was a little
Italian boy, and I said "Nit," and then she knew right away that I was
one of those bad American boys without any manners, but I didn't care
and I mayn't have good manners, but I don't wear a beaver hat the way
her boy did. It's the funniest thing you ever saw how the kids over here
go into beavers as soon as they cut their teeth, and sailor collars. I
thought I'd die when I saw that lady's son get into the elevator with
his beaver and sailor collar on and a little coat that Pop says is
called a Eatin' jacket that stops at his waist so's to make it handy to
spank him. I found out afterwards though that he was a great sight
better than he looked. When his Ma said my manners was bad he sort of
looked up in the air and winked at the roof of the elevator and I had it
in for him when I met him alone in the hall. I thought he'd be easy but
he wasn't. I knocked his hat off but I had to stop there because while
he had good manners enough when his mother was around he didn't have any
when he was alone in the hall with me and I tell you we had a time of it
until Pop came along and pulled us apart. There wasn't much damage done
except to his beaver hat and we made it up afterwards and I sort of like
him next to you. When he heard that I'd saved up and had almost three
shillings he told me about a fine place near the hotel where they had
tarts for sale and my what a gorge we did have on buns.

Since I wrote you about the town we've seen quite a lot of things but
I've been kind of disappointed in 'em. We went to the British Museum the
other day and I expected to see walruses and British Lions and John
Bulls and unicorns and things like that but they didn't have anything
worth looking at except mummies. There was some Elgin marbles Pop was
anxious to see and I wanted to see 'em too because I'm fond of marbles
but when we came to them they weren't our kind of marbles at all, only
statchuary and great big slabs of figures with broken noses and things
like that. There wasn't a thing in the whole place to compare with the
circus museums we have at home except the mummies and they were fine,
though there wasn't a live one in the place. We saw the mummy of
Cleopatra who used to be the Queen of Egypt about a million years ago,
and I must say if she looked like that I'm glad I wasn't alive then.
Bogie men aren't in it with people like Cleopatra. She was a fearful
looking lady but it was fun looking at her mummy and thinking how she'd
been a Queen once and now wasn't anything but a side show to a museum.
It sort of makes you satisfied to be a plain American with nothing ahead
of you but being President when you think how the Kings and Queens of
those times weren't allowed to keep quiet in their sarcophaguses, as
they call the boxes mummies are buried in, but have to be trotted out to
amuse people. Pop says it's an outrage to disturb a lady like that and I
agree with him. I'd hate like anything to be hauled out for a museum a
thousand years from now and have people look at me and say O my. That
Bob Drake! I thought he was a better looking boy than that. But after
all it's the only kind of circus these English boys have and I suppose
it's better than none. Pop says they don't know what a three ringed
circus is over here and I'm sorry for them, though I must say the
circuses home in New York every year are making me cross-eyed trying to
see all that is going on at once.

To-morrow we're going out to the Zoo, and next time I write to you I
hope to tell you all about it. Somehow or other I expect great things
from the Zoo, but I'm afraid that after we get there we'll find that it
isn't a bit like the Zoos we are used to. It'll probably be made up of a
lot of books and old pictures instead of interesting things like
monkeys.

  Yours ever,
  BOB.




[Illustration: INTERSCHOLASTIC SPORT]


The seventh annual in-door games of the New England Interscholastic
Athletic Association, under the auspices of the Boston Athletic
Association, were held a week ago Saturday in Mechanics' Hall, Boston.
The games were very interesting and exciting, and unusually well
contested. About three hundred personal entries were had from schools
scattered throughout Massachusetts and other New England States, and
fully 4000 people were present as spectators. This is a record both for
competitors and spectators which no scholastic meeting in this city has
ever approached.

It was evident from the outset that the race for points was to be close.
Four schools--English High, Hopkinson's, Worcester High, and Worcester
Academy--were out in earnest for the big championship shield, but
English High succeeded in carrying off the shield by one point, getting
17-3/5 points to Worcester Academy's 16-3/5.

[Illustration: M. C. O'BRIEN.]

Three new records were made, one was equalled, and one established.
O'Brien, E. H.-S., put the 16-pound shot 37 feet 3-1/2 inches, which is
7-1/2 inches better than his performance of 1895; and Mills of Berkeley
took one-fifth of a second off the record for the 1000-yard run. The
chief record-breaker, however, was W. M. Robinson, of Worcester Academy.
He ran in the 40 and 300 yard distances, and won both. In the first
event he ran three heats in record time, 4-4/5 sec., which is within
one-fifth of a second of the world's record. In the longer distance he
lowered W. D. Fuller's record of last year by one second, the new time
being 35-1/5 sec. This young man will surely be heard from when he gets
into college.

INTERSCHOLASTIC IN-DOOR GAMES OF THE B. A. A., MARCH 21, 1896.

  Event.                 Performance.       Winner.
  40-yard dash                 4-4/5 sec.  W. M. Robinson, Worcester
                                             Academy.
  300-yard run                 35-1/5 "    W. M. Robinson, Worcester
                                             Academy
  600-yard run           1 m.  27-1/5 "    R. F. Hanson, English
                                             High-School.
  1000-yard run          2 "   33     "    E. W. Mills, Berkeley.
  45-yard low hurdles           5-4/5 "    R. C. Seaver, Brookline
                                             High-School.
  Half-mile walk         3 "   33-3/5 "    A. L. O'Toole, English
                                             High-School.
  Running high jump      5 ft.  6    in.   A. N. Rice, Noble's.
  Pole vault             9   " 10     "    B. Johnson, Worcester
                                             Academy.
  Putting 16-lb. shot   37 "    3-1/2 "    M. C. O'Brien, English
                                             High-School.

Table of Points[2]

                      Firsts.  Seconds.   Thirds.   Total.
  English High          3         1/5      2-1/5    17-3/5
  Worcester Academy     3         1/5      1-1/5    16-3/5
  Hopkinson                     2-1/5      1-1/5     5-3/5
  Noble's               1         1/5        1/5     5-3/5
  Worcester High                2          1         5
  Berkeley              1                            5
  Brookline             1                            5
  Phillips Andover              1-1/5      1-1/5     3-3/5
  Cambridge H. and L.           1          1         3
  Cushing Academy               1                    2
  Chauncy Hall                  1                    2
  Medford High                             1         1

[2] Firsts count 5; seconds, 2; thirds, 1.

The games opened with the 40-yard dash. Contrary to custom, the second
men in the preliminary heats were to be given a chance in the
semi-finals. Perhaps this accounted for the unusual amount of spirit
shown. Four men equalled the record, 4-4/5 seconds, and Robinson of
Worcester Academy did it three times. It looked as though the record
would have to break in the final heat, with so many fliers, and every
one was standing up to see it done, for that is the only record that has
not been broken since the games were instituted, and to lower it by a
fifth meant to equal the world's record. The six sprinters got off
together, and kept well bunched all the way, except Robinson, who
sneaked ahead at the 20-yard mark, and finished two yards in front of
the field.

A double line of competitors took their places to start in the 1000-yard
run. It was seven times around the track to the finish, but the racing
began at the crack of the pistol. George Dow took the pole, with E. W.
Mills, of Berkeley School, and W. F. Porter, of Chauncy Hall, close
behind, and D. T. Sullivan, of Worcester High, running fifth or sixth.
On the third lap Mills and Porter both passed Dow, and Sullivan, who had
been playing a waiting game, dropped out with a broken shoe-lace. This
was a severe blow to the chances of Worcester High, who has held the
championship shield for two years. There was apparently some
understanding between Mills and Porter, for when they once got in front
of Dow they ran side by side, and thereby easily kept him behind. At the
last turn Mills and Porter made a dash for the tape, and Mills got there
first by a scant six inches, taking one-fifth of a second off the
record. Dow made third, with the rest twenty yards behind.

When Delaney was debarred from the walk, O'Toole was looked upon as a
sure winner. At the crack of the pistol he, with Rudickhauser and Mohan,
all three for E.H.-S., started to the front. They profited by the
example of Mills and Porter, and kept all spurters well behind them. On
the last lap, however, Mohan and Rudickhauser were both ruled off, and
then A. Lockwood, of Worcester Academy, who had been trying for three
minutes to get by the bunch, worked himself abreast of O'Toole, and
furnished a most exciting finish. It would have been a dead heat except
that Lockwood broke into a run in almost his last step. He was ruled
out, as was Malletts of Boston Latin, who had been at his heels
throughout the race. Then G. Thacher, of Hopkinson, crossed the line,
and was very much surprised to learn that he was second.

About this time excitement began to show itself in the English High and
Worcester Academy sections. Worcester had 6 points, and English High 5,
with Worcester High out of the reckoning. English High was sure of the
shot, and Worcester was sure of the pole vault; while the 300 and 600
were in grave doubt, and the hurdles and high jump were conceded to
other schools.

The 300-yard trials were run next, and the final of that event furnished
the best race of the day. It was another case of Carleton _vs._
Robinson. Robinson had the advantage of position on the scratch, and
took the pole. At every turn it seemed as if Carleton would pass him,
but each time Robinson spurted just a little more, and held the place.
At the last corner Carleton made a grand attempt to pull out first
place, but Robinson held his own, and broke the tape a foot ahead of
Carleton, and also broke Carleton's newly made record, establishing a
new one of 35-1/5 seconds--a record that Wefers might find hard to smash
on a similar track.

The first heat of the 600 was an easy race. W. Dadnum, of Worcester
High, was first, J. J. Purtell, English High's crack, a leisurely
second, and C. Boyle, of Worcester High, third. Albertson of Worcester
High, who won the event last year, followed Purtell's example, and just
jogged around until the last lap, when he moved up to second, J. H.
Hartwell, of the other Worcester school, leading. But on the last lap
two other boys moved up too--R. F. Hanson, of English High, and Mills,
who had won the 1000. Just at the last turn they both slipped by the
napping Albertson, who awoke to the fact that he had not qualified for
the final. This was the third first place that Worcester High had
counted on which had slipped through her fingers. Another waiter was
W. A. Applegate, of Cambridge High, in the third heat. He ran sixth
until the last lap, and then, as if he had just realized that he was in
a race, tore round the corners, and pulled down the field, and finished
first. Burdan of Newton was second, and Cook of Chelsea third. With
Albertson out of the final, it looked like an easy thing for Purtell.
But there was a big spill in the first lap. Hartwell, who was leading,
fell on the third corner. Purtell, Dadnum, and Burdan fell with him.
Hanson and Boyle dodged the heap, but Applegate, who was waiting again,
wasn't affected by it. Boyle was leading now, twenty yards ahead of
Hanson. Hanson realized that for his school to get the shield this race
must be won. Slowly but surely he overhauled Boyle, and at the last turn
dove forward and came in ahead. Meanwhile Applegate was tearing through
the crowd with one of his thrilling finishes, and made third place.
Hanson's work was the pluckiest of the day.

[Illustration: R. C. SEAVER.]

In the 45-yard low-hurdle race Chauncy Seaver, of Brookline High-School,
was expected to win with ease, and he did not disappoint his friends,
although pushed hard in the final by Mason of Worcester High. As the
45-yard hurdle race over three hurdles 2 feet 6 inches high had never
been run before, Seaver was credited with the record of 5-4/5 sec. Last
year a record of 6 sec. was made for the distance over four hurdles 2
feet 6 inches high. A. N. Rice had no trouble in winning the jump with a
height of 5 feet 6 inches. Five men tied for second at 5 feet 4 inches,
drew for the cups, and divided the points. In the weight event M. C.
O'Brien put the 16-pound shot nearly five feet farther than his nearest
competitor.

The last events of the programme were the team races, the teams being
composed of four men each, one of whom ran 390 yards. In the relay race
between Worcester High and Worcester Academy the latter's team won,
doing the distance in 3 min. 20-4/5 sec, which has never been equalled
before.

The Englewood High and Hyde Park schools' dual in-door athletic meeting,
in the University of Chicago's gymnasium, resulted in an overwhelming
victory for the former, the score being 70 to 27. The figures were not
quite up to the standard of Eastern performances, but some of the
records are creditable. I give the winners only: 35-yard run--Trude,
Hyde Park High-School, 4-3/5 sec.; half-mile run--Teetzle, E.H.-S., 2
min. 15-4/5 sec.; 1-mile run--Hodgman, E.H.-S., 5 min. 12-3/5 sec.;
35-yard hurdle race--Teetzle, E.H.-S., 5-2/5 sec.; half-mile
walk--Parker, H.P.H.-S., 3 min. 50 sec.; running high jump--Thayer,
E.H.-S., 5 ft. 2-3/5 in.; standing broad jump--Flacken, E.H.-S., 9 ft. 7
in.; running broad jump--Teetzle, E.H.-S., 19 ft. 7 in.; pole vault--H.
Boyce, H.P.H.-S., 8 ft. 6 in.; putting 12-lb. shot--Flacken, E.H.-S., 36
ft. 11-1/2 in. The sixteen-lap relay race was the most exciting event on
the programme, and went to Englewood, the time being 4 min. 51 sec.
Eight men from each school took part, running in pairs for relays of two
laps.

Interest in track athletics seems to be developing very rapidly in the
West, if we may judge from the formation of new leagues and athletic
associations. What ought to prove an exceedingly important
interscholastic organization has just been started by the schools of St.
Paul and Minneapolis. It is called the Twin City Dual Interscholastic
League, and its first field-meeting will be held at the Hamline Fair
Grounds, May 29th. The events selected for the card are the 100-yard
dash, pole vault, one-mile run, 120-yard hurdle, putting shot, one-mile
bicycle, running high jump, half-mile run, throwing hammer, running
broad jump, standing high jump, standing broad jump, 220-yard hurdle,
440-yard dash, and 220-yard dash. The first place in each event will
count six points, the second three, and the third one. The school
winning the highest number of points will earn a cup, and if it succeeds
in holding it for three years it will keep the trophy.

I want to enter my usual protest against this list of events, because it
contains such absurd features as the standing jumps, and because,
apparently for no especial reason, six points are awarded to winners of
first place, instead of five points. After very careful calculations,
and after many years of experience, athletes and managers best qualified
to determine such questions have decided that five points for first
place and one point for third place make the closest ratio and the most
just. For second place the figures are still in dispute. The colleges
have adopted two, but many school associations believe that three points
show a closer relation between first and second, admitting at the same
time, however, that the ratio of three to one is not a fair one as
between second and third.

It is a difficult problem to settle; difficult and complicated enough
without having new associations coming along with new ratios. Therefore
I think that if the managers of the new Twin City League will ponder
over this situation for even a short time they will realize that if for
the sake of uniformity only it will be well for them to bring their
highest mark down to five points. As for the figure for second honors, I
am personally in favor of two points. For one reason, I believe that the
college athletes who adopted the 5-2-1 ratio did so after considerable
study of the situation, and possibly brought statistics and mathematics
into the discussion to help them.

Before the point system was in vogue, the method at the Mott Haven games
was to reckon results by firsts and seconds. Thus if Yale had four
firsts and no seconds while Harvard had one first and eight seconds,
Yale won, of course. By points (5-2-1) the score would have been in
Harvard's favor 21 to 20; or if the ratio were 5-3-1 it would have been
29 to 20! Third place was not counted unless there was a tie on firsts
and seconds; and seconds, it is evident, were only desirable in case of
a tie on firsts, for then the college with the most second-place winners
won the day.

No combination of firsts and seconds such as I have just suggested ever
came about, so far as I know; but it was figured that if any such result
ever did come about, there would be dissatisfaction in the aggregation
that took the large number of second places. It was admitted by all
that such a team--as a team--would represent a higher standard of
efficiency and development; and as the contests at Mott Haven or the
Berkeley Oval are contests among teams, and not among individuals, it
was decided that a more equable method of adjusting the score that
settles the victory must be invented. The point system was then
proposed, and those who undertook to discover what the ratio is between
athletes in competition, so as to show in figures the relative value of
one position to another in the order that the mathematical sum should
demonstrate the respective merit of each team as a body, decided that
this ratio was as five is to two and as two is to one. Their solution
may be incorrect, but it is the closest yet offered, and ought to be
accepted wherever points are used in scoring.

  THE GRADUATE.




THE PUDDING STICK.

     This Department is conducted in the interest of Girls and Young
     Women, and the Editor will be pleased to answer any question on the
     subject so far as possible. Correspondents should address Editor.


I was finishing my last talk to you, when who should walk in but one of
the very mothers about whom I was writing. She is a darling, this old
schoolmate and friend of mine, but she is just now rather depressed in
her mind, and a good deal out of health, and this makes her fussy and
fidgety. She was very much interested in the talk about chaperonage, and
declared that she never allowed her Elsie, or her Jack or Dick either,
to go anywhere unaccompanied by an older person. "The boys agree with
me," she said, "that they have a better time when Cousin Molly goes
along than they possibly could have without her. As for me," she sighed,
"I am getting to be so nervous and melancholy that I am a kill-joy, and
I stay in my room even when we have guests at home."

In there came, with rosy cheeks and flying ribbons and the prettiest
eyes in the room, my friend's daughter Katharine. "Now," said
Katharine--and as she spoke the spring sunshine and the spring fragrance
seemed to fill the room, needing not the great bunch of daffodils she
laid upon my lap to give me a realization that spring was really
here--"I've planned everything; papa has given me the money, and you,
dear auntie, must flourish your pudding stick over mamma's head till she
consents to go away for a trip. Mamma needs a change. We girls are
giving up our new spring gowns, and making our old ones over, for this
has been a bad year in business, in papa's line at least, and we must
economize. Our gift is to fit the dear lady out becomingly. The rest of
the money will pay for her tickets, and we want her to go to Cousin
Kitty's, away off in Vermont, and be a girl again." Katharine poured
this out in a torrent, hardly pausing for breath. Her color came and
went; she was earnest and eloquent. I listened, and softly clapped my
hands.

I looked at the elder Katharine. Mamma's eyes were shining. There was a
far-away look in them, as of one who was remembering pleasant times and
scenes. "To be a girl again!" she whispered.

"You will go, won't you, dear?" I asked, anxiously.

She hesitated a second, and then said, "Yes, if you all wish it so very
much, I will take a vacation, and perhaps I'll come back very much more
like myself. I owe something to daughters who are so dear and loving,
and I _am_ tired."

We didn't dwell on the subject any longer then. On the contrary, we
spoke of Katharine's hat, and of the pretty and sensible fashion girls
have adopted of removing their hats in public places, where the great
plumed things are in the way of people's eyes. It is so easy to take off
one's hat and hold it, and the girls' bright heads look so homelike and
attractive that one is very glad for the march which common sense and
good manners have made side by side.

  MARGARET E. SANGSTER.




ADVERTISEMENTS.




[Illustration: HARTFORD TIRES]




Arnold

Constable & Co

       *       *       *       *       *

_SPRING STYLES AND DESIGNS._

Suits & Wraps

Ladies' Walking-Dresses.

Tailor-Made Suits.

Top Coats, Capes.

_Paris styles in fancy Silk Gowns, Batiste and Grenadine Waists, Silk
Skirts, Wraps, and Garments._

_Orders for Easter Gowns and Spring Suits will receive prompt
attention._

       *       *       *       *       *

Broadway & 19th st.

NEW YORK.




[Illustration: THOMPSON'S EYEWATER]




Absolutely Pure.

[Illustration: ROYAL BAKING POWDER]

The

Careful

Housewife

will use

no other.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 108 WALL ST., NEW-YORK.




[Illustration]

[Illustration]

  Little Bo Peep (she fixed her sheep
    So fate could not abuse them--)
  Stuck Cupid Hair Pins in their tails,
    And then they couldn't lose them.

It's in the TWIST.

RICHARDSON & DELONG BROS., Philadelphia, Pa.

Makers of the famous DELONG Hook and Eye.




[Illustration]

PRINTING OUTFIT 10c.

Sets any name in one minute; prints 500 cards an hour. You can make
money with it. A font of pretty type, also Indelible Ink, Type Holder,
Pads and Tweezers. Best Linen Marker; worth $1.00. Mailed for 10c.
stamps for postage on outfit and catalogue of 1000 bargains. Same outfit
with figures 15c. Outfit for printing two lines 25c. postpaid.

Ingersoll & Bro., Dept. No. 123. 65 Cortlandt St., New York.




[Illustration: BICYCLING]

     This Department is conducted in the interest of Bicyclers, and the
     Editor will be pleased to answer any question on the subject. Our
     maps and tours contain much valuable data kindly supplied from the
     official maps and road-books of the League of American Wheelmen.
     Recognizing the value of the work being done by the L.A.W., the
     Editor will be pleased to furnish subscribers with membership
     blanks and information so far as possible.


[Illustration: Copyright, 1896, by Harper & Brothers.]

Continuing the trip from Albany to Buffalo, we leave Utica in the
morning, and proceed by what is called the old turnpike to New Hartford.
The road is moderately level, but is sandy in places, and when out of
the village limits the rider will, of course, take to the side path.
Passing through New Hartford, and taking the right fork at the western
extremity of the town, run on to Kirkland through Middle Settlement, a
distance of five and a quarter miles. Here the road for the first three
miles is moderately good, and there is a cinder side path for part of
the distance. Between Middle Settlement and Kirkland it becomes a little
more hilly, and the road changes to loam.

Running westward through Kirkland, proceed by the main turnpike to
Vernon, passing through Lairdsville, a distance altogether of eight and
a quarter miles. At Vernon do not cross the track, but keep on on the
left side, running through Oneida Castle direct into Oneida by crossing
the track, or if you intend to keep straight on do not cross the track,
but proceed direct to Canastota, six and a half miles from Oneida
Castle. Here it is possible to keep straight on to Chittenango, but the
road will be found far better if the track is crossed at Canastota and
the route as marked on the accompanying map followed, as in this way one
or two hills are avoided. Chittenango is a good place to stop for an
hour's rest if you have not already stopped at Oneida or at Canastota;
but perhaps, if the trip is to be spread over a whole day, Canastota is
the best place to stop for dinner. Leaving Chittenango, the road runs
direct to Fayetteville, eight miles from Chittenango, and thence runs
into Syracuse, passing through DeWitt. The last part of the way the
roads are rather hilly, or what is called rolling. They are in
reasonably good condition, the road-bed being of loam and gravel. On
entering Syracuse you will find yourself on East Avenue. Proceed along
this to East Genesee Street and to the Globe Hotel.

By referring to the map you will find that on the secondary or fair
bicycle roads many a side trip can be made, and the map will prove of
use to persons who may not have the Albany-Buffalo trip in mind
particularly. For example, the route is clear from Utica to Rome,
running through Whitesboro and Oriskany. In like manner it is easy,
though by a somewhat roundabout route, to get to Cazenovia. The road
running direct from Chittenango to Cazenovia is not a good one, and is
hilly. It will pay the rider, especially if he has time, to proceed to
Fayetteville, and then run down to Cazenovia, following the railroad on
the route marked on the map. A pleasant variation of the ride would be
to cross the railroad after leaving Oneida Castle, run through Oneida,
and follow the fair bicycle road out to South Bay, running along the
edge of the lake through Bridgeport, thence turning southward, passing
through Manlius, and reaching the main route at Fayetteville again.

     NOTE.--Map of New York city asphalted streets in No. 809. Map of
     route from New York to Tarrytown in No. 810. New York to Stamford,
     Connecticut in No. 811. New York to Staten Island in No. 812. New
     Jersey from Hoboken to Pine Brook in No. 813. Brooklyn in No. 814.
     Brooklyn to Babylon in No. 815. Brooklyn to Northport in No. 816.
     Tarrytown to Poughkeepsie in No. 817. Poughkeepsie to Hudson in No.
     818. Hudson to Albany in No. 819. Tottenville to Trenton in No.
     820. Trenton to Philadelphia in No. 821. Philadelphia in No. 822.
     Philadelphia-Wissahickon Route in No. 823. Philadelphia to West
     Chester in No. 824. Philadelphia to Atlantic City--First Stage in
     No. 825; Second Stage in No. 826. Philadelphia to Vineland--First
     Stage in No. 827; Second Stage in No. 828. New York to
     Boston--Second Stage in No. 829; Third Stage in No. 830; Fourth
     Stage in No. 831; Fifth Stage in No. 832; Sixth Stage in No. 833.
     Boston to Concord in No. 834. Boston in No. 835. Boston to
     Gloucester in No. 836. Boston to Newburyport in No. 837. Boston to
     New Bedford in No. 838. Boston to South Framingham in No. 839.
     Boston to Nahant in No. 840. Boston to Lowell in No. 841. Boston to
     Nantasket Beach in No. 842. Boston Circuit Ride in No. 843.
     Philadelphia to Washington--First Stage in No. 844; Second Stage in
     No. 845; Third Stage in No. 846; Fourth Stage in No. 847; Fifth
     Stage in No. 848. City of Washington in No. 849. City of Albany in
     No. 854; Albany to Fonda in No. 855; Fonda to Utica in No. 856.




[Illustration: STAMPS]

     This Department is conducted in the interest of stamp and coin
     collectors, and the Editor will be pleased to answer any question
     on these subjects so far as possible. Correspondents should address
     Editor Stamp Department.


I am frequently asked by Round Table correspondents whether it would be
a good speculation to buy the lower values of the Columbian issue, which
are still on sale at many post-offices. I always answer No! for any
values less than the 50c. All the dealers and speculators and a large
number of collectors have loaded themselves down with these stamps.
However great the demand, the supply will be ample. Everybody is alive
to the value of stamps to-day, but eight years ago it was quite
different. _Then_ was the time to buy; but how few availed themselves of
the opportunity. Compare the prices of to-day with those of 1888:

                                   1888.     1896.
  Set State Department, unused,   $49.50   $287.00
   "  Exec.      "        "         6.00     49.00
   "  Navy       "        "         5.00     40.00
   "  Agri.      "        "         3.50     27.65
   "  1870 Grille,        "        21.30    216.00
  1861 3c. Pink,          "          .25     25.00
  1869 Set,               "         9.95     87.85
  1870 12c. Grille,       "         2.50     75.00
   "   24c.   "           "         5.00    100.00

Not only U.S. stamps, but the higher value stamps of almost every other
country have advanced in similar ratio. It is the old story over
again--"Buy when every one wants to sell, and sell when every one wants
to buy." It sounds as easy as "Buy cheap and sell dear"; but how hard it
is in practice.

     R. PARHAM.--No premium.

     EDITH F. MORRIS, 95 Third Avenue, New York city, wishes to exchange
     stamps.

     O. T. ALDRICH.--The editor of this Department is not a dealer in
     either stamps or coins.

     E. HILL.--It is impossible to give any general rule for the
     detection of the thousands of different counterfeits. In general
     terms it may be said that to-day only the valuable stamps are
     counterfeited. Formerly (1862 to 1880) even common stamps were
     counterfeited. My advice to young collectors is not to buy valuable
     stamps from irresponsible persons. Go to a responsible dealer for
     this class of stamps. Some counterfeits are so well made that only
     an expert can detect them.

     E. L. SNYDER.--The prices quoted are those at which you can buy
     from dealers.

     C. H. PECK.--The 5c. 1847 U.S. is worth 70c.

     G. S. VAN SCHAICK.--There are no grilled U.S. post-cards.

     A. D. F.--No premium on the coins mentioned.

     E. C. WOOD.--Adhesive U. S. Revenues were first used in 1862.
     Periodical stamps have usually come over from Europe. See ROUND
     TABLE, March 10, 1896.

     CLARENCE G. MICHAELIS, 3 North Twenty-first Street, East Orange,
     N.J., wishes to exchange stamps.

     J. S. GREEN.--The Japanese stamp is still in use. The colonial and
     continental money are still plentiful, and can be bought in most
     instances for 10c. or 15c. each.

     R. Q. P.--The stamps described are Revenue stamps.

     C. S. POMEROY.--There are three minute varieties of the 3c. green
     U.S. There are three varieties in the triangles of the present
     stamps. See ROUND TABLE, May 14, 1895.

     F. H. CULBERTSON.--The U. S. currency 3c. to 50c. can be bought at
     double face. Circulated or crumpled copies are worth face only.

     T. EBAUGH.--I cannot repeat prices on lists of U.S. coins. See
     ROUND TABLE for December 17, 1895, and January 14, 1896. English
     coins are not collected in this country. The stamp is a French
     revenue. No value. The coin is Spanish, worth 25c.

     MAX BECKER.--"Post Obitum" U.S. stamp of 1877 is worth $4. Grilled
     stamps are those stamps bearing an impression in blank stamp which
     is designed to cut the fibre of the paper, such as the 1868 U.S.,
     the Peruvian 1874, etc. Stamps issued by a province of a State are
     called "provincial issues."

     E. L.--Spanish coin worth its weight in silver only.

     N. D. HOLLER.--The Peru is an envelope stamp cut square. The Mexico
     is a seal, not a stamp.

     M. ELSBERG.--The Buda-Pesth post-cards are good for postage only
     when printed on the regular government post-cards.

     C. BECKLY.--Your coin is Grecian, over 2000 years old. It is
     common. The blackness is caused by oxydization or rust.

     A. L. GREENE.--Nevada 5c. stamp is worth 25c.

     H. W. F.--There is no 6c. 1858 Canada. If you mean sixpence, it is
     worth $5. The U.S. stamps are worth from 8c. to 50c. apiece. We do
     not give addresses, etc., of dealers in this column. Any dealer
     will send you a circular of U.S. stamps.

     KARL WETHERBEE.--The 3d. New South Wales 1806 is worth $1.50. The
     1861 U.S. 12c. is worth 25c. The half-cent 1804 is worth $4, if in
     good condition.

     J. HULL.--Condition counts for everything in rare stamps. At the
     last great auction sale an unused New Brunswick shilling sold for
     $80. A used copy (comparatively common) sold for $110. The unused
     had small, and the used large margins.

  PHILATUS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Wonderful Florida Springs.

     I live on the east bank of the famous Ocklawaha River, six miles
     from the wonderful Silver Springs. The waters of the springs are
     clear, and the beautiful shining bottom is plainly seen, while
     numerous varieties of fish swim and dive into the deep sink-holes.
     One of these sinks is fifty feet deep, and many are evidently
     connected in a continuous chain of sinks that are found between
     this place and Ocala in the pine woods.

     We had a good laugh over the story of "Kizner's Pet Sheep."

  PERCY F. LISK.
  CONNER, FLA.




ADVERTISEMENTS.




Chosen by the

Government

[Illustration]

The War Department proposes to test the bicycle thoroughly for army use,
and recently advertised for proposals for furnishing five bicycles for
the purpose. Result: Bids from $50 to $85 each for other machines; our
bid of $100 each for Columbias, their invariable price. And the
Government selected

[Illustration: Columbia]

Bicycles

STANDARD OF THE WORLD

The experts who made the choice decided that Columbias were worth every
dollar of the $100 asked for them.

If you are willing to pay $100 for a bicycle, why be content with
anything but a Columbia?

POPE MANUFACTURING CO., Hartford, Conn.




[Illustration: THOMPSON'S EYEWATER]




WALTER BAKER & CO., limited.

Established Dorchester, Mass., 1780.

Breakfast Cocoa

[Illustration]

Always ask for Walter Baker & Co.'s

Breakfast Cocoa

Made at

DORCHESTER, MASS.

It bears their Trade Mark

"La Belle Chocolatiere" on every can.

Beware of Imitations.




[Illustration]

LAUGHING CAMERA. 10c.

The latest invention in Cameras. You look through the lens and your
stout friends will look like living skeletons, your thin friends like
Dime Museum fat men, horses like giraffes, and in fact everything
appears as though you were living in another world. Each camera contains
two strong lenses in neatly finished leather case. The latest
mirth-maker on the market; creates bushels of sport. Catalogue of 1,000
novelties and sample camera 10c., 3 for 25c., mailed postpaid. Agents
wanted.

Robert H. Ingersoll & Bro.,

Dept. No. 27. 65 Cortlandt St., New York.




[Illustration]

THE

BALTIMOREAN PRINTING-PRESS

has earned more money for boys than all other presses in the market.
Boys, don't idle away your time when you can buy a self-inking
printing-press, type, and complete outfit for $5.00. Write for
particulars, there is money in it for you.

THE J. F. W. DORMAN CO.,

Baltimore, Md., U.S.A




Postage Stamps, &c.




[Illustration]

=300= fine mixed Victoria, Cape of G. H., India, Japan, etc., with fine
Stamp Album, only =10c.= New 80-p. Price-list =free=. _Agents wanted_ at
=50%= commission. STANDARD STAMP CO., 4 Nicholson Place, St. Louis, Mo.
Old U. S. and Confederate Stamps bought.




GOLD FREE!

Grand Prize Contest! 112 var. So. Am., West Indies, U. S., etc. A
beauty! 10 cts. silver; 3 for 25 cts. If you send for this packet and
ask for our grand approval sheets at 50 per cent. com., you will receive
FREE a handsome present, and learn all about our wonderful GOLD OFFER.

Rugby Stamp Co., 4465 Greer Ave., St. Louis, Mo.




=STAMPS.= Confederate free if you send for our Approval Sheets at 50 per
cent. commission. Enclose 2c. stamp, and give reference.

DIAMOND STAMP CO., Germantown, Pa.




$117.50 WORTH OF STAMPS FREE

to agents selling stamps from my 50% approval sheets. Send at once for
circular and price-list giving full information.

C. W. Grevning, Morristown, N. J.




125

dif. Gold Coast, Costa Rica, etc., 25c.; 40 U. S., 25c. Liberal com. to
agents. Large bargain list free. F. W. MILLER, 904 Olive St., St. Louis,
Mo.




STAMP DEALERS.

Agents w't'd at =50%= com.

W. SAAM, 1708 Amsterdam Ave., N. Y. City.




STAMPS! 100 all dif. Barbados, etc. Only 10c. Ag'ts w't'd at 50% com.
List free. L. DOVER & CO., 1469 Hodiamont, St. Louis, Mo.




Writing Letters.


II.

This series of articles on letter-writing is addressed to the Knights,
but others may look over their shoulders and profit by the hints.

Use good stationery--that is, paper and envelopes of white or tint.
Avoid gaudy designs. If you can afford an embossed monogram, have it
small. If you have any printing at all on your paper have it embossed,
preferably in dark blue, and modest, plain letters. But it is not at all
necessary that stationery be embossed. Good form does not require it.
What we urge you to avoid using are leaves torn from a memorandum-book,
unsized paper that is made of straw, gaudy envelopes too large for the
paper, and some firm's letter or note headings. Stationery is
inexpensive. Better write only two letters a year and have them worthy
of you than to write a hundred on ill-fitting and ill-finished paper.

When you begin a letter, do it with your street, number, city, and
State. Then follow with the date. Have the last-named correct. Don't
guess at it, and don't knowingly date your letters back, in order to
make your correspondent think you have answered more promptly than you
have. By such an act you utter an untruth. Besides, your deception is
almost always seen and noted.

If you live in a small town, give the State. We receive many letters
from people who do not observe this common-sense rule. We find your
letter dated "Mount Vernon." The post-mark oh the envelope is
indistinct. We look in the Postal Guide--an effort for you that you have
no right to put your correspondent to, and one he might have been saved
had you written your letter as you should have done--and there find
twenty-four Mount Vernons! Then you wonder why you receive no reply!

If you live in a large city, give street and number every time you
write. It does not matter if the postman lives next door to you and
brings you everything directed to your name. How do your correspondents
know that? We do not like to post a valuable letter addressed to "John
Smith, Chicago, Ill." He may get it, but we have misgivings. And then,
because you gave your address in one letter, don't say: "Oh, he knows
where I live. I gave my address in my letter of last week." Yes, so you
did, and the letter of last week is filed away where it will take
trouble and time to find it, and get from it information that you ought
to have given.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Florida Seminoles.

     Since my short article on "Biscayne Bay and its Marvels" was
     published I have received several letters requesting me to write
     all I know about southern Florida and the Everglades.

     The Seminole Indians are a great attraction during the winter to
     the southeast coast of Florida. During the summer they traverse the
     wilds of the Everglades in search of game, which they sell during
     the winter to the winter visitors at West Palm Beach. The squaws
     have been busy making moccasins and leggings, and the bucks have
     been skinning and tanning the hides of deer, alligators, and other
     game.

     The Seminoles, or most of them, are very fond of strong drink, or
     "wyomie," as it is called in Indian parlance. Many of them can
     write their names, and some can write notes. They are becoming more
     civilized in their mode of dress. Here is a note one Indian wrote.
     I give it as a specimen.

  NOVEMBER 20, '95.

     Whiskey Man, Sir, I tell you, you whiskey man, you good man, sir,
     you likes me, and my name, Jackson Charlie. Me send whiskey, big
     quart whiskey. See you 6th next month; me come see you; me pay you
     $1.25. Me sell you buckskin, smoking skin.

  JACKSON CHARLIE.

     The Seminoles own their farms. One of their camps is a very
     interesting object. They kill and smoke deer-meat, tan the hides,
     and sell them. There was an Indian school recently established on
     the east coast. It will be a great benefit if it is continued. One
     of the interesting Indians at Palm Beach is Little Tom Tiger. Last
     spring he was cut in the forehead by a bottle hurled at his head by
     a bad Indian. His father, old Tommie Jumper, dressed the wound and
     told him he must not touch a drop of wyomie for ten months. When he
     is spoken to about it, he will count the ten months on his fingers
     and say, "Ten months soon be up, and I drink wyomie again."

  HARRY R. WHITCOMB.
  UMATILLA, FLA.

       *       *       *       *       *

Amateur Newspaper Makers.

How familiar this sounds: Louis O. Brosie, publisher of the _Little
Magnet_, Pittsburg, says that when he began his paper, two years ago, he
sent out 100 sample copies, expecting to get from them a large number of
subscriptions. Instead he got four. People were afraid to pay their
money, expecting the paper would last only a few months. But Sir Louis
triumphed at last. He got subscriptions and advertisements, and expects
to continue his paper. He printed a Good Will Mite, and some months ago
sent us $2. He now prints 500 copies.

William C Meintzer, Easton, Md., wants to join an amateur press
association, especially one in Maryland. To do the latter he should
write to the secretary of the Maryland Club of the N. A. P. A., G.
Edward Harrison, 708 Fidelity Building, Baltimore, who is president,
vice-president, or secretary of half a dozen or so other amateur clubs,
and wants to make the acquaintance of other Baltimore and Maryland
members of the Order. E. M. Wallace, Monmouth, Ill., wants to hear from
publishers of amateur newspapers.

_Wheat Sheaf Leaflets_ is the name of a new quarterly which we have
received bearing the compliments of the scholars and teachers of Wheat
Sheaf School, the names of those teachers being Misses A. C. Cocker and
Elizabeth Baillie. The paper, a neat eight-page one, is filled with
letters written to the Priscilla Chapter, formed of pupils of the
school, preceded by a song and an explanation of what the Chapter is.
Modesty forbids the editors, but it does not forbid us, saying that the
Priscilla is among the very best Chapters in the Order, whose work in
the way of correspondence, collections, etc, has been helpful and
practical. The price of _Leaflets_ is five cents a copy, and its address
is Wheat Sheaf School, Frankford, Philadelphia, Pa.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Very Clever Kink.

Two men declared they could name the prettiest rural drive in all
England. The dispute waxing warm, they agreed to write out the route
each thought to be the prettiest and hand their respective slips of
paper to a third party. They did this, and when the disinterested third
party, in the presence of the disputants and a few of their respective
friends, opened the sealed papers it was found that one had written:
"Coventry to Stratford-on-Avon, by the way of Kenilworth, Leamington,
and Warwick." And the other: "Stratford-on-Avon to Coventry, by the way
of Warwick, Leamington, and Kenilworth."

Of course a general laugh followed, but when it subsided, one disputant,
a little piqued that he had not won beyond further cavil, remarked with
some warmth that he could name to the other disputant and his friends
there present the amount of a certain nobleman's fortune, doing so in
plain terms, in no enigmatical phrase, and yet they, in thirty minutes'
time, could not name the amount in pounds sterling. Everybody present
knew the nobleman mentioned, and all were desirous of learning the
amount of his wealth--a sum which the speaker, through supposed business
relations, was thought to be in a position to know.

Challenged to name the sum, the man read the following, from _Macbeth_,
Act V., Scene V.:

                          If thou speak'st false,
  Upon the next tree shalt thou hang alive,
  Till famine cling thee: if thy speech be sooth,
  I care not if thou dost for me as much.
  I pull in resolution; and begin
  To doubt the equivocation of the fiend,
  That lies like truth: "Fear not, till Birnam wood
  Do come to Dunsinane:"--and now a wood
  Comes toward Dunsinane.--Arm, arm, and out!--
  If this, which he avouches, does appear.
  There is nor flying hence, nor tarrying here.
  I 'gin to be a-weary of the sun,
  And wish the estate o' the world were now undone.--
  Ring the alarum bell!--Blow wind, come wrack!
  At least we'll die with harness on our back.

At the end of the half-hour the challenged party gave up. Need they have
done so had _you_ been present to help them?




[Illustration: THE CAMERA CLUB]

     Any questions in regard to photograph matters will be willingly
     answered by the Editor of this column, and we should be glad to
     hear from any of our club who can make helpful suggestions.


TINTED TRANSPARENCIES.

Every amateur, no matter how successful he may be, now and then spoils a
sensitive plate. Though the plate is rendered useless for a negative, it
can be made into a pretty transparency with very little trouble. The
spoiled plate must first be cleaned from the blackened silver. This is
done by placing it in a solution called "Fanner's Reducer," which is
prepared as follows:

  Potassium ferricyanide      3 grs.
  Hyposulphite of soda       30  "
  Distilled water             4 oz.

Leave the plate in this solution till the silver is all dissolved and
the gelatine film which covers the plate is perfectly clear. Rinse it
thoroughly in running water, and immerse it for three minutes in a
sensitive bath made of

  Bichromate of ammonium    48 grs.
  Distilled water            4 oz.

The plate may be cleared from the silver by a white light, but it must
be immersed in the sensitive bath by a red light and dried in the dark,
as it will discolor if exposed to the light. To make a positive picture
on this prepared plate one must have a positive from which to print, and
a paper print may be used, if one does not wish to make a positive on
glass.

Print till the shadows are a deep brown and detail well out, then wash
in clear water till all the brown tone has disappeared, and set the
plate up to dry. When dry immerse in a color bath composed of 1/2 oz. of
China blue, 1/4 oz. of oxalic acid, and 1 pint of water. The plate
should be left in the coloring solution till it is a deeper tint than
desired when dry, then wash in several changes of water till the water
shows no trace of the coloring matter, and dry in a place free from
dust. Place a cover glass over the film side of the transparency, and
bind first with adhesive strips, which can be bought ready prepared, and
then with ribbon, or one may use the frames which are made specially for
transparencies.

Any color may be used instead of the China blue. Dragon's blood,
carmine, green, mauve (which makes a beautiful violet tint), or any
color which one prefers. It is very little trouble to make these
transparencies, and they repay one for the work.

     A member of the Camera Club asks how long eikonogen may be kept if
     it is placed in a tin box; what kind of pictures are the best for
     prizes; how engravings can be copied on celluloid; how to take a
     picture with the camera pointed toward the window. Eikonogen
     crystals are best preserved in a tightly stoppered glass bottle.
     Eikonogen in solution may be kept a long time by the addition of
     acid sulphite of soda, if the bottles are filled full and well
     stoppered. Glass stoppers are better than corks. The kind of
     pictures which are best for prize competitions depends on the style
     of pictures for which prizes are offered. If the prize is for
     figure studies, a single figure is better than a group, and a
     simple subject much more attractive than one "dressed up" for the
     occasion. In landscape pictures an extended view, unless unusually
     fine, rarely wins even honorable mention. In making landscape
     studies, for the picture as a picture, one cannot do better than to
     study the best works of landscape artists, which are always to be
     seen through photographic copies. It will be noticed that painters
     follow the advice of Sidney Smith, and "take short views." Will our
     correspondent please explain what he means by "engravings copied on
     celluloid"? To take a picture with the camera pointed toward the
     window use a non-halation plate and a small diaphragm. One way in
     which to take a picture with the camera pointed toward the window
     is to take a picture with the curtain or shutter closed, then open
     them and make an exposure for the window which is, of course, much
     shorter than for the interior. Our correspondent sends this formula
     for eikonogen developer, which he says keeps a long time, and gives
     more contrast than most developers: Sulphite of soda crystals, 180
     grs.; hot water, 6 oz. When thoroughly dissolved add 60 grs. of
     eikonogen. No. 2. Carbonate of potassium, 75 grs.; water 2 oz. To
     develop take 3 oz. of No. 1 and 1 oz. of No. 2. In preparing
     eikonogen developers the ingredients should be added to hot water,
     and the eikonogen left till all the rest are dissolved.

     MISS SARA L. MERRICK asks how to print photographs on
     writing-paper, and if plain salted paper can be bought ready
     sensitized. Plain salted paper cannot be bought ready prepared, but
     it is easy to prepare after the formula given in the ROUND TABLE,
     Nos. 796 and 803. To print on writing-paper, sensitize a strip at
     the top of the sheet of paper, using unglazed paper, then print as
     on any other paper, taking care that all parts, except where the
     picture is to appear, are covered with black needle paper. The
     whole of the sheet can be put into the toning solution, or simply
     the part sensitized.

     SIR KNIGHT STEPHEN W. HURST, Newark, N.J., asks for directions for
     making lantern slides. Sir Stephen will find directions in Nos. 798
     and 799 (February 12 and 19), and later we shall give some new
     ideas on making and using lantern slides.

     SIR KNIGHT JOHN DUNHAM asks how to transfer a negative of a steamer
     to another negative. A note was sent to Sir John asking him to
     explain just what he wished to do, and the query would be answered,
     but the letter was returned, though bearing the address given, 1733
     Vine Street, Philadelphia, Pa. If Sir John means transferring to a
     clean glass, directions will be found in No. 856; if not, will he
     kindly write again and explain a little more fully what he wishes
     to know? There is no process by which a negative can be transferred
     by electricity.

     MISS FLORA J. WHEELER wishes to know what kind of a camera to
     purchase, as she purposes to learn photography. A hand camera is
     usually considered best for the beginner, as it is much easier
     handled and managed than a tripod camera. A 4 by 5 is a good size
     to begin with, and the lens may be used both for scenery and for
     making figure studies. Most amateurs, unless far advanced in the
     art, use only two lenses--one for portraiture, and the other for
     out-door work. The beginner should use one lens, and learn what it
     can do and cannot do before trying different lenses. With every
     camera directions are given for its use, and also for developing
     and printing. The papers for beginners published in the Camera Club
     column will be found helpful. No. 1 was published in No. 812 (May
     21, 1895). Any questions which Miss Wheeler wishes to ask in regard
     to her work will be answered in this column.

     SIR KNIGHT FREDERICK G. CLAPP asks what makes the zigzag streaks on
     the film of a negative after it has been intensified, and if the
     yellowish-olive color to which the plates turn when intensified
     should wash out. Did Sir Frederick soak the negative in water
     before immersing it in the intensifying solution? The plate should
     be soaked till the film is wet, and when placed in the intensifier
     it should be kept gently moving so that the chemicals may act
     evenly. Try this method, and let the editor know the results. The
     olive color of the negative does not always wash out, but, unless
     too deep, does not injure the printing qualities of the plate.

     SIR KNIGHT HENRY WENS, who asks for formula for stripping films
     from broken plates, will find full directions in this number of the
     Camera Club.


LETTERS FROM PRIZE-WINNERS.

Sir Knight Joseph Lovering writes: "Please accept my thanks for the
check for $15 which you sent me for the prize in the photographic
contest. I did not expect my picture to take a prize, and I was very
much gratified when I received your letter." Sir Joseph took first prize
in marines. Sir Joseph also asks if he will be allowed to compete next
year, and if it is allowable to enter pictures in more than one class.
Yes, to both questions.

Sir Knight Luke Murdock writes: "I received the prize sent me by Harper
& Brothers, and although I tried to have my pictures look as nice as
possible, I was much surprised that I took a prize. I was very much
pleased, and I thank you heartily, and will endeavor to spend the money
to the best advantage in a photographic line." Sir Knight Luke took
second prize for Junior figure studies in Junior Class. His picture was
entitled, "I Won't Stand Still."

Mrs. Nils Holm, Patron, who took second prize in figure studies Senior
Class, writes that she never competed before, and was both surprised and
pleased at her success, and should make more vigorous efforts than ever
before.




[Illustration: IVORY SOAP]

    Brisk exercise, a good quick rub,
  An Ivory-Soap-and-water scrub,
    With nerves restrung and muscles tense
  The woman's new in every sense.

Copyrighted, 1896, by The Procter & Gamble Co., Cin'ti.




PRINTING OUTFIT 10c.

[Illustration]

[Illustration: G.A.R. 25c.]

[Illustration: Brownies 10c.]

For printing cards, marking linen, books, etc. Contains everything shown
in cut. Type, Tweezers, Holder, Indelible Ink, Ink Pad, etc. Thoroughly
practical for business or household use and a most instructive
amusement. Sent with catalogue illustrating over 1000 Tricks and
Novelties, for 10c. in stamps to pay postage and packing on outfit and
catalogue. Same outfit with figures 15c. Large outfit for printing two
lines 25c.

=Brownie Rubber Stamps=--A set of 6 grotesque little people with ink pad;
price, postpaid, 10c.

G. A. R. series Rubber Stamps, 12 characters. Makes all kinds of
Battles, Encampments and other military pictures, 25c. postpaid. Address

ROBERT H. INGERSOLL & BRO.

Dep't No. 62. 65 Cortlandt St., New York.




BREAKFAST--SUPPER.

EPPS'S

GRATEFUL--COMFORTING.

COCOA

BOILING WATER OR MILK.




=AMERICAN FLAG. Its History and Development.= 52 pages; 26 lithographs in
5 colors. Price, 10c., postpaid. =E. M. DAVIS, Mt. Vernon, New York.=
Agents wanted in every school.




=A NEAT BOX=, containing 12 mineral specimens from Millard County, Utah,
including genuine gold and silver ore, copper, onyx, etc., postpaid to
any address for 25 cts. J. A. ROBINSON, Clear Lake, Utah.




HOOPING

COUGH

CROUP

_Can be cured_

by using

ROCHE'S HERBAL

EMBROCATION

The celebrated and effectual English cure, without internal medicine. W.
EDWARD & SON, Props., London, Eng. Wholesale, E. FOUGERA & CO., New York




CARDS

The FINEST SAMPLE BOOK of Gold Beveled Edge, Hidden Name, Silk Fringe,
Envelope and Calling Cards ever offered for a 2 cent stamp. These are
GENUINE CARDS, NOT TRASH. UNION CARD CO., COLUMBUS, OHIO.




CARDS

FOR 1896. 50 Sample Styles AND LIST OF 400 PREMIUM ARTICLES FREE.
HAVERFIELD PUB. CO., Cadiz, Ohio.




[Illustration: THOMPSON'S EYEWATER]




By KIRK MUNROE

       *       *       *       *       *

Snow-Shoes and Sledges

A Sequel to "The Fur-Seal's Tooth." Illustrated. Post 8vo, Cloth,
Ornamental, $1.25.

     Brimful of adventures admirably recorded. The young folks will take
     delight in it.... We confess to having read every word of the
     journal with as much interest as we once read "Robinson Crusoe" or
     the "Swiss Family Robinson."--_Christian Intelligencer_, N. Y.

     A book which will hold the interest of its readers from beginning
     to end.--_N. Y. Evening Post._

_BY THE SAME AUTHOR:_

=THE FUR-SEAL'S TOOTH.--RAFTMATES.--CANOEMATES.--CAMP-MATES--DORYMATES.=--
Each one volume. Illustrated. Post 8vo, Cloth, $1.25.

=WAKULLA.--THE FLAMINGO FEATHER.--DERRICK STERLING.--CHRYSTAL, JACK & CO.
and DELTA BIXBY:= Two Stories. Each one volume. Illustrated. Square,
16mo, Cloth, $1.00.

       *       *       *       *       *

HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York




[Illustration: April Fool]

       *       *       *       *       *

HADN'T SEEN IT.

"My Pa says you can have your photograph took now so as to show nothing
but your skeleton," said Bob.

"What's a skeleton?" asked Jack.

"I don't know exactly," said Bob, "but everybody has one."

"I haven't," returned Jack. "Leastways, if I have, I haven't never seen
it."

       *       *       *       *       *

A YANKEE'S IDEA OF THE ALPS.

An American was stopping in Rome, and one day he overheard some
Europeans boasting about the beauty of the scenery of Europe. It grew so
tiresome at last that he turned around and politely joined in the
conversation, incidentally introducing some remarks about the grandeur
of the Rocky Mountains, their height, etc.

"But," said one of the Europeans, "surely, Mr. American, you must have
crossed the Alps Mountains when you came to Rome! What did you think of
them?"

"Why, now you speak of them, I do remember passing over some rising
ground, something that would probably require a tow-horse if a
street-car line ran over it."

       *       *       *       *       *

BOBBIE'S LATEST JOKE.

"I saw a pair of gaiters the other day that the bravest man living
wouldn't dare to wear," said Bobbie.

"What kind were they?" asked Tommie.

"Alligators," said Bobbie.

       *       *       *       *       *

A REMEDY.

"Poor little baby!", said Ethel, sympathizingly, as her new brother
wept. "Mamma, why don't you give him some of that smoothing syrup?"

       *       *       *       *       *

A GOOD REASON.

"I don't see why you sent me to bed for being just impudent," sobbed
Wilbur.

"It is very easily explained," said his father. "You are impudent
because you got out of bed on the wrong side this morning. I want you to
go to bed for an hour, and then see if you can't get out on the right
side."

       *       *       *       *       *

A pun-loving little chap went to school the other morning with a dirty
face, and when the teacher asked him why he didn't wash it, he said,

"Why, ma'am, I've got such a cold in my head I was afraid the water
would freeze on my face."

       *       *       *       *       *

HE TURNED.

"Right face! Left face! About face!"

The little fat red-faced sergeant bawled out his orders and watched the
line of feet as the raw recruits endeavored to follow them out. To his
astonishment, one pair of feet, more noticeable on account of their
extra large size, never turned. Without taking his eyes off these feet,
the little sergeant bawled out a second order, "About face!" He could
see that all the feet except those he watched turned in obedience.
Rushing up to the owner, a little fellow, he seized him by the shoulder,
shouting, "Why don't you turn with the rest?"

"Why, I did," replied the trembling recruit.

"You did, eh? Well, I watched your feet, and they never moved."

"It's the shoes they gave me, sir," said the poor fellow. "They're so
large that when I turn my feet turns in them."

       *       *       *       *       *

QUITE A DIFFERENCE.

MAMMA. "I'm afraid my Polly is a very obstinate little girl."

POLLY. "No, I isn't, mamma; I'm a strong character."

       *       *       *       *       *

A DIFFERENCE OF OPINION.

TEACHER. "Can any little boy tell me which is the longest day in the
year?"

BILLY. "Some fellows say the day before Christmas is, and some say the
day before the Fourth of July."




[Illustration: AN EASTER ENTERTAINMENT--AS VIEWED FROM THE GALLERY.

"OH, CHIMMIE! THERE'S SHEEPS AND CHICKENS AND GREEN TREES, AND THE GRASS
IS COVERED WID DIAMONDS, AND A BEAUTIFUL LADY CARRYING A MILK-PAIL WID
YELLER HAIR; HOLD ME UP JUST A MINIT LONGER, AND I'LL BLOW YER IN FER A
WHOLE PIE."]





End of Project Gutenberg's Harper's Round Table, March 31, 1896, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S ROUND TABLE, MAR 31, 1896 ***

***** This file should be named 56642-8.txt or 56642-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/6/6/4/56642/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

